³ Recon Intelligence Services ³
³ "If you don't know where to find us, we don't want your business" ³
² Client Name: ² Confidential ±
² Client No: ² 1122 ±
² Information requested: ² Arulco--geography, history, government, military, background intelligence ±
² Personal Check requested on: ² Enrico Chivaldori ±
² Account Status: ² Cash, prepaid in full
² Arulco Facts ² ±
Small third world country. ±
Varied terrain and climate. ±
1 major city: capital city of Gryfindor. ±
8 towns: remote and mostly rural. ±
2 airports: Gryfindor (jet aircraft capable) and Lodenburg (light aircraft). ±
2 medical facilities: Gryfindor and Drasnia. ±
Most of country's GDP is derived from precious metal exports, specifically gold and silver. ±
Country has some light industry, mostly located in town of Aspenwood. ± ±
² Government ² ±
Dictatorship under the guise of a monarchy for the past ten years. ±
Ruler: Queen Deidranna Reitman ±
Most government services, including education, were terminated approximately eight years ago. ±
The country also canceled all recreational and social programs, including public health and welfare. ± ±
² Military ² ±
Substantial armed forces for a country of its size. ±
Two infantry divisions: General Army and Queen's Guard (elite forces). ±
Queen Deidranna is Supreme Commander of the entire military. A General heads each of the forces. Due to rapid turnover, the names of the current Generals are not available. ±
Relatively small air force. ±
Minimal heavy and light armament. ±
Military forces appear designed to put down internal conflict and civil unrest. However, they could pose a threat to surrounding third world nations and are currently undergoing rapid expansion. ± ±
² Economy ² ±
Country is rich in natural ores. ±
Mining operations have been ongoing for more than eleven years. ±
Believed to have 6 gold and silver mines, 5 of which are in current operation. ±
Rate of ore extraction and exportation has been astronomical. ±
The imposed switch from a self-sufficient agricultural economy to one dominated by extracting and exporting natural resources has dramatically reduced the per capita income to a twentieth of what it was 15 years ago. ±
Much of the country's wealth has been spent on importing vanity goods for the Queen. The remainder of the national budget is allocated to propping up the military with foreign expertise and equipment. ±
The majority of the population is, in fact, destitute. ± ±
² History ² ±
Arulco's previous government has been considered a unique Democratic Monarchy. Although the country was run as a kingdom, ruled by a King and Queen, free elections were held every ten years to assert their legitimacy. ±
Only two different Arulco families have ever been considered to have the bloodlines worthy of power. The Chivaldori and Cordona families. ±
The Chivaldori family ruled Arulco for over 120 years with the exception of the period between 1938 and 1948, when Pepe Cordona was elected king. ±
It has been widely documented that the switch in kings was due to the population's belief that the Chivaldori family was too pacifistic to deal with a world at war. The nation believed the Cordona family had the fortitude to lead them through the turmoil. ±
At the end of the Cordona family's first ten-year term, the world was at peace again and the reigning king lost the 1948 election, removing the Cordonas from power. ±
The Cordona family subsequently returned to their hometown of Omerta. Feeling bitter and cheated, they began a peaceful political campaign to reinstate their family as the rulers of Arulco. ±
Andreas Chivaldori governed Arulco from 1948 until 1988, when he decided it was time for his only child, Enrico, to take his rightful place. It has been said that the King's ill-health, the Queen's death, and the discovery of gold and silver in the countryside, all pushed Andreas to cede the throne to his well-educated son. ± ± ± ±
The election in 1988, however, was expected to be extremely close. Enrico Chivaldori faced an extremely popular opponent by the name of Miguel Cordona. ±
± It has been reported, the King felt his son should take a bride. A wedding would have a strong, positive influence on the election, thus guaranteeing a Chivaldori victory. The King was confident that his son had the compassion and qualifications to ensure the wealth from the mines would be distributed fairly amongst the populace. ± ± ±
A discreet, yet hasty, international search was carried out for a woman of the right pedigree. Deidranna Reitman of Romanian descent was chosen. ±
R.I.S. could obtain no further information on Deidranna Reitman as all records appear to have been destroyed. A search for family members and friends, however, continues. Any further information obtained will be forwarded. ±
Within a year of Enrico being elected King, his father, Andreas Chivaldori, was found dead in his bed. The autopsy results established poisoning as the cause of death. A significant amount of circumstantial evidence led to the arrest and imprisonment of Enrico Chivaldori for the murder of his father. ±
On the night before Enrico's trial, four armed escorts were fire-bombed while transferring Enrico to the court house. Palace officials blamed Enrico's assassination on Miguel's rebel forces, asserting this violent act was committed to conceal their involvement in the murder of Andreas Chivaldori. ±
± ² Intelligence ² ±
(Please note that the following is highly speculative information.) ±
Unconfirmed sources claim that the four guards had been ordered to turn Enrico Chivaldori over to the rebel camp rather than deliver him to the courthouse. Queen Deidranna had been certain that Miguel Cordona would kill Enrico thus eliminating 'this enemy of Arulco' and the only remaining member of the Chivaldori family. ±
Five severely charred bodies were found in front of the courthouse the morning of the trial, and two of them were positively identified as members of the escort team. This evidence alone prompted the conclusion that Enrico had died in the aforementioned fire-bomb attack. ±
Nine years of rule under Queen Deidranna has left the country in shambles. It has suffered greatly under her iron fist, and there have been reports of unspeakable exploitation, cruelty, and genocide. ±
All members of the judicial system have been executed. The rule of law has become the law of death. What is considered a crime is determined at Deidranna's whim and no matter the crime's severity, the usual punishment is death. ±
Somewhat substantiated rumors assert that Deidranna has been researching and stockpiling weapons of mass destruction for an undetermined purpose. ±
± The population has been living in constant fear. They have grown accustomed to witnessing the fateful results from the slightest hint of subversive behavior. As a result, they cannot be relied upon to assist in any sort of military retaliatory action. ± ±
² Recent Events ² ±
Miguel Cordona's rebel force has begun to receive outside funding to purchase the arms necessary to engage in small-scale skirmishes. ±
Queen Deidranna canceled the election that was due to be held in 1998. Within the same decree, she declared herself ruler for life. ±
Two months ago, Arulco's military forces attacked the rebel base. It is believed it was totally destroyed, although there have been unconfirmed reports of survivors. ± ±
² Personal Check ² ±
As stated previously, Enrico Chivaldori is dead. Therefore, no current information is available. ± ± ± ± ±
± Here at RECON INTELLIGENCE SERVICES, we hope you are satisfied with our search results. We wish to remind you that we consider our relationship an ongoing one. If any new information becomes available, we will be more than happy to forward it to you free of charge. ±
Should you have any other inquiries, feel free to contact us at any time. We would be pleased to extend our services to you once again. ±
Thank you for your patronage, ±
R.I.S. ±
