Hungarian-born Unger is part of a new breed of explosive experts. He learned most of his trade the safe way - in a classroom. His studies included the theory behind incendiary devices, and the technical aspects of electronics and circuitry. He also took locksmithing and swimming courses, but failed the latter.

Whether it's jungle warfare or close-quartered combat, Blood Hanson is your man for the assignment. Trained in the martial arts, his ability to fling a combat knife into an enemy's neck is a sight to behold: it seems to come out of nowhere, sails an impossibly long distance, then slices through its target with unerring accuracy.
Keith Hanson is a former member of the ANC.
Rudy Roberts is one of the most dependable veteran sharpshooters in A.I.M.'s line-up. Wishing to expand on his already impressive resume, Lynx took various training courses in basic electronics, advanced mechanics, night operations, and first aid in a hostile environment.
Lynx asks that he not be placed on assignment with Buzz Garneau.
A bear of a man, Grizzly Bornell carries the big guns of battle with authority. Even though heavy weapons are his specialty, he is just as lethal empty-handed. He's a soldier's soldier - all guts and no need for glory. Not surprisingly, his combat exploits are almost always the talk of the plane ride home.

Whether it's repairing a handgun or firing off automatic weapon bursts, the ambidextrous Victoria Waters works best with her hands. Aside from working for A.I.M., Vicki spends her spare time managing Vicki's Vintage Automobiles, her own restoration and antique car dealership.
Despite constant teasing, Vicki insists on using the stairs no matter how tall the building.
Aussie whiz-kid and gadget-master Trevor Colby can turn a harmless toaster oven into a lethal weapon. He has extensive knowledge of explosives and a knack for opening doors. A practical joker at heart, Trevor takes as much delight in planning and setting a trap as he does in watching its perfect execution.
Colby may be a little inexperienced but he catches on quickly.
Helmut has moved through the ranks of this organization quicker than any other mercenary and is now firmly established as a seasoned professional. Grunty's attitude and approach continues to be exemplary, making him one of our most popular mercenaries.
Grunther has shown a strong interest in heavy weapons and night sorties.
Ivan, a former decorated Red Army Major, joined A.I.M. over three years ago. Despite serious difficulties communicating in English, he took the mercenary world by storm, breaking all kill-rate records and tallying up the kind of stats that perhaps only he himself is capable of breaking. Ivan himself says it best, "Gun, all gun, like finger on hand."
In order to improve his relationship with commanders, Ivan has enrolled in an "English as a second language" course.
The transition from fighting fires to fire-fights has been quite the success for this ex-fireman from Warsaw. His knowledge of electronics kept the outdated and under-funded Polish firehouse running. And now, his eagle-eyed vision and pumped-up persistence are keeping his enemies on the run.
Gontarski refuses to submit to urine testing.
Following in his uncle's footsteps won't be easy for Igor. His uncle Ivan Dolvich is legendary. Though Igor may be new to A.I.M., he is by no means new to armed conflict. He perfected his stealth abilities while seeing intensive action in Chechnya. And did we mention Ivan Dolvich was his uncle? A bloodline simply impossible to ignore.
Igor and Ivan are already being referred to as the Russian "I-Team."
This ex-Ranger and sniper has turned stalking into an art form. Shadow could be lurking right next to you and you'd never know it. That snow drift, sand dune, shrub, or satellite dish could easily be this master of sneak. Kyle Simmons is a soldier who has made it his business to blend into any environment for any length of time.
The Shadow brings his own camouflage supplies and wishes to make it known up-front that he doesn't share.
This mad, mumbling Scotsman is from the old school of explosives where your instructors would fly by in pieces as you quickly moved up the ranks. Spragg is a survivor. With many years of experience under his wire cutters, he takes pride in teaching those military college kids a thing or two about detonation devices.
Don't be thrown by Red's frantic ravings; the situation is rarely as dire as he believes.
Otherwise known as The Assassin, if you come face-to-face with Sheppards, chances are you're about to take your last breath. Reaper takes pride in his patience. His silent stride and lockpicking skills make gaining access to his victims easy. On a personal note, Carl gets a kick out of spitting in their eyes just before they die.
One of his former CO's described him as "too dangerous even for military service."
Due to numerous employer complaints concerning his refusal to follow orders, Fidel "Leave me alone, I'm busy!" Dahan was recently suspended for a thirty-day period. Promising a much better attitude, he was returned to active duty due to his proficiency with firearms, his fists, and, last but not least, explosives.
Fidel hasn't quite been himself lately.
Initially trained as an emergency room nurse, Fox Guzzman was recently featured in "Babes and Bullets," a prestigious monthly mercenary magazine. Her article on instructing medical personnel in the proper control of battlefield hemorrhaging was almost as highly praised as her centerfold layout. Rumor has it that Fox is equally skilled with both hands.
Guzzman has recently spent a lot of time on the firing range and it has paid off handsomely.
Whether it's sharing a spot of tea with British blue bloods or putting a .38 slug into an unwanted nuisance, Sidney does it with poise and dignity. Nettleson combines the mannerisms of the upper crust with the lighting quickness of a Wild West gunslinger. Years of avid cricket-playing have also given him a much-feared throwing arm.

After rather heated negotiations, A.I.M. is pleased to announce that the legendary DFK annihilator, Gus Tarballs, is now a member of our ranks. Gus's induction was delayed slightly when his mobile home slipped from its support blocks while he was in the process of cleaning the septic hosing. Fortunately, his crushed right leg has healed rather nicely.
Our medical staff has recently cleared heavy weapons specialist Tarballs for full active duty.
The prim and proper Monica Sondergaard may seem to be an unlikely candidate for the rough and tumble mercenary life, but she more than meets the minimum requirements. Before settling on A.I.M., Buns explored a number of careers. She was a kindergarten teacher, geriatric nurse, Danish sharpshooter at the Atlanta Olympic games, and professional dirt bike racer.

The Iceman is back. After a short yet disastrous stint with one of our competitors - and we use that term loosely - Ice gained insight and wisdom on the merits of dealing with a professional organization. Williams owes a debt of gratitude to his best friend Magic for getting him reinstated.
Ice's patience and friendly demeanor make him an ideal instructor. His choice of weapon is an automatic.
Military trained in the treatment of trauma, Doctor Houston is virtually unequaled in giving medical aid under the most adverse conditions. On the darkest nights or during the fiercest tropical storms, the wounded can count on Spider to provide quick, quiet, and effective emergency care.
Spider owes her nickname to an older brother who loved to torment her.
Cliff's health has improved considerably since he gave up alcohol and put himself on a high-fiber diet. This is great news for potential employers since it's next to impossible to find doctors with Highball's efficient combination of marksmanship and medicine.
Highball has also turned his explosives hobby into a marketable skill.
A massive man of very few words, John Peters prefers to let his actions speak for him. Despite his experience as a U.S. Army MP, he has a concerted lack of respect for authority and angers easily. In fact, he probably spent as much time IN the brig as he did guarding it. Bull is the type of soldier who puts the grunt back into grunt work.
Bull packs more power in his punch than anyone else currently on our roster.
The Hitman's easy-going and personable disposition has made him one of the more popular and respected mercenaries in the organization. Unfortunately, Frank hasn't been taking care himself lately and his health and skills have dropped off slightly. Despite repeated attempts, Hennessy has been unable to overcome his weight problem.
Hitman has been talking about throwing in the towel and becoming a combat instructor.
Buzz Garneau's life has undergone some major changes in the past year. She had a major falling out with Lynx; they can barely stand to be on the same planet, and her tell-all book, "Under Cover, Under Lynx," has been rejected by every publisher who's seen it. While all of this has left her bitter, she has been able to channel her anger into her work with firearms.
Garneau was recently certified as an auto and heavy weapons specialist.
Lt. Ron Higgens is a former commander of the Los Angeles SWAT team. When he fell in love with his ace sniper, Raven, they managed to keep their relationship a secret up until a year ago. Once they decided to marry, the L.A.P.D. refused to allow them to continue working together, so they joined A.I.M.
He's organized, experienced, and decisive. Raider is a natural born leader and communicator.
Former L.A.P.D. SWAT team sharpshooter, Sgt. Charlene Higgens left the force for A.I.M. to work alongside her husband, Ron. They prefer to take assignments together since they operate with the precision of a solitary unit. Employers need not be overly concerned about nepotism however, as they rarely acknowledge their personal lives during work.
Raven shines during night operations.
The years may go by, but Static barely seems to age. His lifestyle and laid-back nature allow Kirk to operate best under the cover of darkness. He has served his commanders well with his mechanical abilities and knowledge of electronics. And don't be deceived by his hippie looks, peace and love are the furthest things from his mind.
Like his good friend Spider, Static can't stand the sight of insects.
A career military man, Anderson was barely out of his teens when he first joined the Green Beret. After serving with distinction, he joined A.I.M. as one of its original members and fought alongside A.I.M.'s founders in the Battle for Angetta. Len is a strong leader; his tours of duty have earned him the respect and appreciation of many.
Back in his hometown, the community-minded Anderson teaches an NRA course on the proper care and handling of automatic weapons.
Doctor Danny Quinten is a mountaineer, skydiver, and mobile medical practitioner. During Operation Desert Storm, he earned a reputation for jumping out of helicopters to treat wounded soldiers that were lying out in the middle of the sandy mine fields. Even more remarkably, Danny wouldn't call in EVAC until the patient was well on his way to recovery.
The two-handed doctor has been known to be a bit of a lone wolf.
Magic's calm, cool, and collected demeanor sets the tone for battle. In peak physical condition, he displays mouse-like movement and catlike agility. Magic can ferret out danger with astonishing acumen. And with his lethal marksmanship, he quickly and efficiently puts an end to any threat.
He's nicknamed Magic due to the way doors seem to magically open up in front of him.
Don't let his blue eyes and pretty boy looks fool you, Rothman won't back away from the down and dirty. As a diamond mercenary and security consultant, he has protected some of the richest ore deposits in the world from thieving locals, rebels, and the competition. Some say that South America hasn't been quite as well-behaved since he left.
Stephen has proven to be a fine squad leader, especially during night maneuvers.
The amiable Scully Sullivan is a long-time A.I.M. member. He's one of our most distinguished mercenaries and perhaps the most respected among his peers. Sullivan currently leads A.I.M. with highest number of combat engagements in almost as many different countries. Need someone to snap the last breath from an undesirable? Sullivan's your man.
Scully is well-known for his skills with a bladed weapon.
Jean Pierre may be a little rough around the edges, but he is extremely sharp with a blade in hand. He acquired most of his skills while working as the head doorman at a nightclub. Bar brawling and street fighting are definitely his strengths. Yet, La Malice seems to have found his calling with A.I.M., where he has honed his talents to exquisite perfection.

Doctor Huaong draws his medical knowledge from the many branches of ancient healing and modern medicine. His marksmanship may be a little poor, but Dr. Q has expertise in so many other disciplines - night operations, guerrilla warfare tactics, and martial arts - that he more than makes up for any weakness.
Dr. Q's salary is currently under review.
Edgar Smorth traded in his bike and badge to become a full-time A.I.M. mercenary. In the year he's been with the organization, Nails has exploited his knowledge about car bombs to become a military explosives expert. Despite his career change, he hasn't lost his combative edge or the substantial belly he developed as a renegade biker.
Edgar has a knack for getting into inaccessible places. Just make sure they aren't too small or narrow.
This vegetarian New Age healer has an amazing grasp of medicine for a man who's never seen the inside of a university med school. He also has a decent grasp for killing quickly and quietly. Born on outskirts of Berlin, he now calls California home where he lives in the mountains with his newborn son and ex-wife, Cassandra.

Though most of Sterling's highly decorated service with the British SAS remains classified it is known she served in volatile areas of operations including Belfast, the Persian Gulf and worked in conjunction with the Royal Hong Kong police force in the annulment of Triad members.
Trained in urban warfare and well-versed in Night Ops, Scope is an educated and expert markswoman.
Peter Sanderson just returned from a six-month absence. He booked off on personal leave to take an intensive physical training program and various other courses to top-off his status as a jack-of-all-trades Having lost over forty pounds, he's in the best shape he's ever been in and A.I.M., as a result, has gladly renewed his membership.
When not on assignment, Sanderson instructs a Wolverine Civil Defense Unit during the evenings.
Fresh out of med school, Doctor Dawson eagerly awaits his first assignment. His innocent and youthful appearance may prevent potential employers from taking him seriously, but rest assured: once he saves a couple of lives, he'll be shown the kind of respect he deserves.
For a man who just completed his internship, he can certainly wield a mean scalpel.
Don't mess with Meltdown. She may be smiling in her file photo, but that smile is deceptive. This mercenary is legendary; an enemy once died at her feet from fear before Meltdown had even raised her weapon. As for her taste in weapons, the bigger, the better. In fact, Meltdown has a tendency for overkill in virtually every aspect of her life.
Jessop is remarkably ambidextrous; she can easily fire two weapons simultaneously.
A real Russian hard case, Kolesnikov honed his skills as a Spetsnaz operative in Chechnya before dicovering the advantages of the dollar over duty. Unfazed by anything a battlefield can throw his way, he is a dedicated soldier, preferring to work alone and happiest when he's behind enemy lines. A man of few words, it's easy to see why he has earned the nickname Monk.
His relationship with Ivan deteriorated after a "discussion" over the subtle differences between the AKM and its variant the AKMS.
Janno spent most of his life as a greasemonkey in the Russian army, looking for a change of pace he became a soldier for hire. It hasn't taken him long to get a taste for the finer things in life, and is equally at home with a glass of fine brandy as he is with heavy weapons. With a knack for getting into places he shouldn't be, he keeps himself in top shape in case anything kicks off!
Prefers to work together with fellow Estonian-German Vilde, they met while stationed together in East Germany.
A born leader of men, Scream is a love him or hate him type of guy, a tough upbringing in Siberia has given him a unique take on life, or more specifically, death. Apart from his combat skills, Scream brings a whole new level of weird to a campaign as Dr. Q will testify, but if the conditions are right, he might just be your man.
Happy to go where ever his compatriot Brain goes. Both men became mercenaries after the Russian withdrawal from East Germany.
This former NVA soldier doesn't mess around, although new to A.I.M, Henning is an old hand at killing. He has already established himself as a must have on any mission where large-scale resistance is expected. An expert with both Auto and Heavy weapons, his tactical insights can make or break a mission. A Prussian powerhouse.
Henning's hatred of all things New Age has led to tensions between himself and Thor.
Not exactly living up to his nickname; Lucky had the misfortune of working with Malice on his first assignment, not surprisingly, a misfired 9mm round can sour any working relationship. Fully recuperated, he has thrown himself into being battle ready, if he can shoot as well as his website says he can, the enemy doesn't stand a chance.
Luc has been know to describe himself as a "walking weapon".
After years of living on the run, the Romanian born Laura Collin fled with her parents to Germany, all while still only a child. Deemed enemies of the state, she inherited a deep hatred for dictators from her exiled parents. She studied medicine and followed her partner Rudolf Steiger into the mercenary world. She has become a capable field medic and a passionate mercenary.
While on a training course for automatic weapons she developed a strong dislike for Buzz Garneau.
Born in New Jersey into an Italian-Hungarian family of acrobats, Grace's childhood was far from ordinary. Having narrowly avoided being married off at a young age by her mother, preferring the freedom her brothers enjoyed, she left home to pursue a life of adventure. Although her accent and mother's meddling have managed to keep up with her.
To her mother's dismay, as a young girl she perfected the art of Knife Throwing, easily outclassing her brothers.
This former GSG 9 man has only one weakness... Dr. Laura Colin, whom he met while receiving treatment for sunstroke. He persuaded her to join him on an excursion and won her over with his ability to shoot the nuts out of a squirrel's paws from 3 km. He still acts as a consultant for GSG 9, mostly with regards their Night Ops training.
Rudolf is not afraid to let you know what's on his mind.
A member in good standing, Boss Hatchet has traveled the globe in quest of a regular paycheck. Considered to be one of our more demanding members, he has more than satisfied our clients with his obvious talents and his ability to fix the unfixable.

Agile and able, slippery and swift, Johnny Edwards has managed to slither into range unnoticed, sight up his unsuspecting target, then disappear before the smoke dissipates, time after time, mission after mission!

Alan Webster has served with the United Nations' Peacekeeping forces in some of the world's most troubled spots. Tired of being shot at and finding very little peace to keep, Spam decided it was time for a career change.

A seasoned veteran of international conflict, Major Spike Scallion was deservingly decorated for the unflinching courage he exhibited while evacuating the villagers of Kampoa under extremly heavy fire. This Major commands respect and a sizable fee.

A recent addition, Jimmy Upton arrives upon the mercenary scene courtesy of the Ohio state penal system. A locksmith by trade, he can get into or out of anything. Upton is unavailable for duty in any country holding an extradition treaty with the U.S..

Captain Bob Adams retired from the Air Force at forty-one. He was a decorated F-16 pilot with extensive combat experience. Bored, and anxious for action, he joined A.I.M. a year ago, and has made the transformation to field combat rather easily.
Prefers to work with his younger companion Bud Hellar.
A member in excellent standing, Col. Leo Kelly is a veteran of Northern European conflict. Regarded as a mercenary's mercenary, he served as Michael Jackson's bodyguard for two years and as a technical consultant on three Chuck Norris films.

Caught between the world of war and the world of wiseguys, Vincenzo Massimo has opted for the life of a soldier of fortune. Able to fix anything (including college basketball games), he is fast approaching his first anniversary within the A.I.M. organization.

A two-time world champion trapshooter, Timothy Jenkins has turned in his clay pigeons for the chance to engage in some live action. Dedicated to duty, the cynical "Leech" has a tendency to be over enthusiastic, and a reputation for being slightly hard to shake.

Another member on probation, another explosives expert, Marty Moffat has stood too close to too many explosions and as a result requires a baby-sitter more than a commander. On a more positive note, he is definitely one of the least discriminating members on file.

A member in good standing, Bud Hellar craves the affection of management and is a bootlicker from way back. If you want to know what your team thinks of you, Bud's your man. As a loyal defender of the "big guy", he has spent years fighting for the freedom of corporate logos.
Captain Bob Adams is his military colleague.
From igniting fireworks at theme parks in Orlando to detonating dynamite in Southeast Asia, Russel Hunter has explored the world of explosives. As one of our more stable explosives experts, he is very much in demand. In turn, he is very much demanding.
He best operates in the night time.
Doctor Mark Kranhuim has tended to the wounded on numerous assignments. His sound knowledge of medicine is believed to be responsible for bringing back two members from the dead. However, a wandering right eye has hindered any improvement to his shooting ability.

A man of uncommon attitude, Patrick Phillips was recruited by the organization primarily for his reputation as a repairer of revolvers and rifles. Though patience is not his strong point, he was recently awarded the "Stalker's Cross" for relentless persistence. 

A new member of A.I.M., Gary is another Roachburn from a long family line of mercenaries to join A.I.M.. Like his father, Col. Leon Roachburn, a loose-lipped legend, Gary can be trusted to keep you informed of all your team members' thoughts and intentions.

On probationary standing, Smoke Peterson has recently been cited by another member, once again, for short-fusing explosives. Though A.I.M. has done all it can to weed out these types of pranksters, we concede that smart explosives experts are a rare commodity.

Stella's friend, Anita, was a street performer throughout Europe and North Africa. Her mime act was panned in Paris, booed in Greece and stoned in Tripoli. But after meeting Miss Trammel, Mouse joined A.I.M., and brought her uncanny silence with her.

A member in good standing, Hector Alvarez was born in Margarita, Venezuela and is therefore familiar with South American terrain and its sweltering temperature. Being a relatively new member, he is eager to take on with almost anyone who will give him the chance.

Doctor Margaret "Stella" Trammel was the first female to join the ranks for A.I.M.. As a non-specialist, she worked her way through med school as a soldier for hire during spring and summer breaks. She now practices mercenary medicine without the prevalent medical attitude.

Murray Ebstern has been with A.I.M. for a great number of years. Until recently, his status within the organization was graded as high to excellent, but failing health and a faulty memory have forced a downgrade in his standing to a respectable "good".

Doc Koolhan has extensive battle casualty experience with the Red Crescent, Red Cross and as a medical member of A.I.M.. His marksmanship, although still relatively weak, has improved considerably over the past couple of assignments.

Originally an obstetrician, Doctor Mitch Shudlem has come a long was in the treatment of battle casualties. Like most members of the medical staff, he's weary of financial risk, but committed to the well-being of fellow team members.
He's currently employed as the chief of the pre-natal care unit of Saint Marys Hospital for Unwed Mothers.
Though Howard Melfield has slowed with age, he continues to serve as an effective member of A.I.M.. Unable to excel in any given speciality, yet well-liked within the organization, Carp was even offered a desk assignment and responsibility for members health and safety, retirement and dental plans. He has also graciously agreed to chair the office Christmas Party Committee.
Displaying no loyalty to his peers, he'll relay all the team scuttlebutt with the precision of a poet.
Swaying a shadowy figure on discreet sanctions for DynoCorp, this whispering death merchant later moved agencies where his sniping skills proved invaluable on the Khalif island assignment as part of the 'Burglars group'.
Though cool-headed in combat, many years living in the remote areas of the Sierra Nevada have resulted in Grandee having a low tolerance for time-wasters.   
(Former) Special Agent Jose "Calavera" Aguilar has seen more action in the Americas than he cares to admit.  Skilled in the arts of insurgency and military coups, Calavera comes highly recommended for knocking off pesky dictators.
Rumour has it that Calavera is responsible for supplying South American rebel insurgents with advanced training making them formidable opponents.
Patricia had her first contact with gunfire protecting her employer's business in South America - business that, "was by no means a bold drug smuggling scheme using an import/export system as a cover". After a raid on corporate hq, estranged Norton tried to use abandoned assets to establish her own operation until fierce competition and lack of proper dental plan drove her out of the market.
Unfortunately a personal quality control policy she tried to enforce during her career reflected badly on her health.
Battle scarred Jack Cygan has fought, with honour, in numerous wars over the past few decades and has become something of a legend amongst our younger members.  Often direct to the point, even blunt, Jack shows no hesitation or regrets on the battlefield.  Jack prefers to utilise automatic weapons where possible, preferably a weapon with a combined grenade launcher.   
Whilst Jack has maintained his impressive physique over the years, his age is creeping up on him and he isn't as agile as he used to be.
