³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 00-1357 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: September 4, 1996  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² Richard Ruttwen ±
² Alias(es): ² Slay ±
² Citizenship: ² Canadian ± ± ± ± ± ±
² Family background: ² No surviving family. Wife Sofie and younger sister Katrine killed in a drive-by shooting August 14, 1995. Ruttwen murder case closed due to lack of evidence. ±
± ² Convictions: ² Three years probation, juvenile record - convicted for the use of a pellet gun at a high school dance. ±
² Outstanding warrants: ² Croatian Police - wanted in connection with the 1997 Liberation Day sniping incident. Two Croatian politicians facing extortion and conspiring to commit murder charges were assassinated in front of the local legislature. ±
² Bio: ² Known worldwide as a deadly sniper, usually targets his victims from building rooftops. Governmental organizations seeking his arrest have also been his best clients. ±
² Last seen: ² Climbing down a fire escape in Morocco. ±
³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 01-1465 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: August 18, 1997  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² unknown ±
² Alias(es): ² Matron of Mayhem, MOM ±
² Citizenship: ² Scottish ± ± ± ± ± ±
² Family background: ² No known family. Was raised by foster parents, Mr. and Mrs. MacDonnell, a sheep farming couple. She has been drifting since the MacDonnells sold their property and moved to London in 1979. ±
± ² Convictions: ² Two years, juvenile record - responsible for a stink gas bomb exploding in the pants a Shriner's Circus clown. Restraining order - prohibited entry to Scotland Yard HQ. ±
² Outstanding warrants: ² Murder, Attempted Murder, and Assault Causing Bodily Harm - 120 people dead and 1,500 injured at last year's Santa Claus Parade when a mustard gas grenade was tossed in front of Santa's reindeer. Former British high commissioner and diplomat John Biggs, dressed as Santa Claus, died during the incident. ±
² Bio: ² Known for using Sarin and other nerve gases to commit her assassinations. Notorious for eliminating more than her intended target. Sources report she has a fetish for making headlines and keeps a scrapbook of her newspaper clippings. ±
² Last seen: ² At a newsstand in Aberdeen, buying a copy of every local paper.  ±
³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 02-1618 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: December 19, 1997  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² Kris Carver ±
² Alias(es): ² The Impostor ±
² Citizenship: ² American. Known to use forged citizenship papers and passports from Canada, Britain, Australia, South Africa, and Russia. ± ± ±
² Family background: ² An only child raised in a small apartment above his father's butcher shop. His mother died from a large gash across her neck when Kris was four years old. Police held Kris responsible for the death although no charges were laid due to his age. A sharpened toy butcher's knife had been found at the scene.
± ² Convictions: ² Assault Causing Bodily Harm, juvenile record - six months probation for carving his initials into a classmate's back, on a dare. Assault and Battery - served two years for cutting off a girlfriend's wedding finger when she refused his marriage proposal. ±
² Outstanding warrants: ² Multiple Counts of Murder - police believe Kris has been disposing of his victim's bodies by feeding them through a wood chipper. A neighboring shop owner uncovered some bone chips when putting up a fence. ±
² Bio: ² A master of disguise. Boasts a perfect kill-rate. Weapon of choice, a meat cleaver.  ±
² Last seen: ² At a hardware store in Gainesville Florida, looking to purchase a wood chipper. ±
³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 03-1876 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: January 3, 1998  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² Tiffany Eddie ±
² Alias(es): ² none ±
² Citizenship: ² American and Italian ± ± ± ± ± ±
² Family background: ² The mob. ± ±
± ² Convictions: ² Served sixteen-month sentence - bootlegging and gun running. Served two-month sentence and paid a $50,000 fine - tax evasion and racketeering, failed to submit a tax return for 14 years. ±
² Outstanding warrants: ² Murder - Kuang-Tsu, a prominent member of a visiting Chinese UN delegation, was gunned down in front of the UN building in New York. ±
² Bio: ² Underworld gangster and freelance Hitman. Believed to be responsible for the following assassinations - Sam "Pizza face" Grimoldo, Johnny "the medallion" Cuzi, and Luigi "six toes" Gardillio. Currently running from both the mob and international police authorities for the shooting death of a UN member that he mistook for Bobby "the Asian" Chow. ±
² Last seen: ² Fleeing 1 United Nations Plaza with five dark-suited men in pursuit. ±
³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 03-1883 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: June 6, 1997  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² Theodore Rexall ±
² Alias(es): ² T-Rex ±
² Citizenship: ² American ± ± ± ± ± ±
² Family background: ² Large extended family on the Montana hinterland. ±
² Convictions: ² Fines and minor jail time: Trespassing, disturbing the peace, spiking trees, and general subversive behavior at anti-establishment rallies. ±
± ² Outstanding warrants: ² Murder - suspect in the strangulation death of Judge Whipner who was found dead the night after he passed a ruling favorable to same sex couples. Sabotage/Subversion/Murder - multiple attempts to destroy buildings housing international organizations, including NATO, NORAD, and the EEC. ±
² Bio: ² Leader of the Montana Constitutional Militia. Believes he is fighting for the maintenance of individual rights and freedoms. Espouses the return to the way the forefathers of America lived. Will kill anyone who stands for big government, and technological advancement. ±
² Last seen: ² At the local militia training grounds in Helena, sizing up the new recruits. ±
³ Intercept's Most Wanted ³
Intercept is an international private investigations agency whose sole purpose is to seek out those who evade justice. No file is ever closed until the perpetrator is found dead or alive. ±
³ ² FILE NO: 02-1571 - Reward: $20,000 ³
³ ² DATE OF ISSUANCE: February 15, 1998  ³ ±
± ² Name: ² Sammy Elgin ±
² Alias(es): ² The Druggist ±
² Citizenship: ² British ± ± ± ± ± ±
² Family background: ² From a working class family. Worked nights and weekends with his father at the family pest control business where he developed an interest in lethal chemicals. He completed a degree in pharmacology at Oxford University, in 1988. ±
± ² Convictions: ² One-year jail-term - served salmonella poisoned chicken to the Mousketeers cast at EuroDisney. ±
² Outstanding warrants: ² Murder - four members of the House of Lords died from complications brought on by a six-day stomach flu. The four had attended an afternoon tea session with the Queen Mother one week prior to their deaths. Elgin had allegedly infiltrated the Royal Household, posing as the Lord Chamberlain, and laced the meal with strychnine. ±
² Bio: ² Considers combining food, alcohol or illegal drugs with lethal drugs to be an art-form. Most likely targets - politicians and high-profile entertainers. Will spend hours devising new and innovative lethal concoctions. Some of his kills have taken weeks to take effect. ±
² Last seen: ² A chemical company in Baghdad. ±
