CONFIDENTIAL CASE: ICB1024
CLIENT: ±
I.M.P. PERSONALITY ASSESSMENT ±
Using the latest state-of-the-art and award winning *HOLE* system, IMP is pleased to present to you information you need to know in the field to thrive and be alive, baby. Our exclusive and complete analysis features: ±
*  A solid look at who you really are underneath that elusive exterior ±
*  What skills or defects will help you or hurt you in the field ±
*  What your choice of portrait says about your perception of yourself ±
*  What your selection of voice says about your last dating experience ±
*  Predictions for your future ±  ±  ±
We'll begin with your Personality.  ±
PERSONALITY ±
Your answers to our personality assessment reveal your perception of the "real you." Naturally, how real the real you is depends on your honesty during the assessment, not that we're implying you have a problem with that. ±
Although most of us are relatively calm, cool and collected individuals, sometimes, under the surface of our personalities, there bubbles certain flaws, ticks, and well, timebombs waiting to go off. ±
You need to know about these characteristics to keep your head in the field, although it's not always necessary to put them on, say, your resume. ±
Based on your answers, we believe you: ± ±
Have your problems like anyone else, but you keep them under control. ±
Are a pretty normal person and other than that thing you did back in '87, you seem to check out all right. ±
Have a thing for melons and squash, but other than that, you're okay. ±
Really, you seem to be normal. We ran it through a couple times just to make sure, but you check out all right. Of course, what you're doing for a living is a little questionable to the outside world, but hey, when we say something's normal, take it where it comes from. ±
Are not fond of the heat, even in your own bedroom. ±
Have been told on more than one occasion that you sweat like a pig. ±
Sweat often and have yellowing stains in the armpits of all your t-shirts. ±
You might be heat intolerant. Be cool, butter pits - heat intolerance can be helped by drinking plenty of fluids, keeping activity in high heat to a minimum and resting frequently. ±
Have worried nonstop for two days now, thinking we'd gyp you, or worse, reveal your answers to your mother. ±
Would be called "Nerves of Steel" only while under heavy sedation. ±
Frequently check and recheck things to make certain they're done right. Just how many times did you do the assessment, anyway? ±
Lighten up bunnyballs! You're nervous. You're jumpy. Frankly, we're surprised you made it to the end of the quiz. Hey? What's that behind you? ±
Have secretly longed to create a "porta-fence" which fastens around your waist and keeps everyone at least 3 feet away from you at all times. ±
Will actually walk down four flights of stairs rather than take an elevator, even if it's packed with super models. ±
Feel like a sardine in a long, fast and wildly dangerous hurtling tube when you fly. ±
You might be claustrophobic. Closed-in spaces have a tendency to whack you out a bit, to the point that you can be a danger to others. Try to avoid them if you can. ±
Know your favorite pool is filled with football scores, not water. ±
Think swimming is for sissies, yeah! Yeah! That's it, tough guy. ±
Realize that Bob Seger's song, "Like a Rock," has more to do with your swimming than Chevy's trucks. ±
You're probably not a swimmer. We figure ever since you were a kid and your mom made you wear those little arm floaties, you've felt like an idiot in the water. Either you can't swim or you fear it for some reason. Try to avoid deep water whenever you can. It could threaten your life. ±
Find "willingness to kill insects" attractive in a mate. ±
Will move rather than consider removing a large spider from your bathroom. ±
Are still searching for a tough way to say, "Honey, come kill this bug." ±
Seems you might have a fear of insects. While they bug everyone to some degree, you seem a bit on the extreme side, however, and will actually run from them or lose it on the spot. It could put you or others in dangerous situations. Try to avoid places where you know they gather. ±
Hey, what's that on your back? ±
Buy belated birthday cards in bulk. ±
Do remember what this assessment was for, don't you? ±
Write things on your calendar so you won't forget them, and then forget to look at the calendar. ±
You're a forgetful bird, and tend to forget things you've just heard. Your memory is somewhat like a sieve, making it difficult for you to take orders well. Try to listen carefully, and don't overwhelm yourself with too much stuff at once. Also, you tend to forget things you've just heard. ±
Scare us, frankly, and we know what you used to do to frogs as a kid, too. ±
May have an uncontrollable urge to cause mass destruction and may be better than most at it. ±
Should, at all costs, avoid contacting us ever again. ±
Your probable upbringing in the mental hospital has left you jaded. Do the words "Rubber Room," "Ward," or "Time for your medicine" have a place in your life? Saying you have a psychotic tendency is putting it mildly. ±
± Next, we move on to your Attitude.
± ± ATTITUDE ±
Attitude is an important factor out on the field -- especially where team action is concerned. Your attitude, which we based on those highly honest answers you provided during the assessment (right?), determines how well you work with others... if you should work with them at all. ±
At IMP, we believe it's necessary to know about potential team conflicts before they arise. ±
So, based on those answers you provided to us, it seems your attitude can best be described as: ±
Normal.  ±
You're a "live and let live" kind of person. ±
You're all right in any kind of team. ±
You're a solid teammate and have no problems working with most people. ±
Apparently, you enjoy working with most people, and they enjoy working with you. It's not likely that you'll have many conflicts on a team, unless you shoot someone, of course. So, you'll probably fit in well with all sorts of people and find teamwork comes naturally to you. ±
Friendly. ± ±
You feel at your best around others and really enjoy being a part of a team. ±
You're outgoing and look forward to meeting new people. ±
You're always the first to offer a handshake and a friendly smile. ±
Apparently, your outgoing attitude generally makes you a pleasure to work with and helps to smooth your way in lots of situations. You may, however, have a problem working with pessimists or loner-types. They kind of get on your nerves, and you get on theirs. ±
After all, when the world's coming to an end, who wants a smile from you? It's their loss. When you can, avoid their type, and you'll find your work more enjoyable and the team more productive. ±
A loner. ±
You'd rather be at home alone, but you have to make money somehow. ±
Anything a group can do, you figure, you probably can do better by yourself. ±
You tolerate a group, but you pretty much stick to yourself. ±
Sometimes, you almost wish that you had gone into a different line of work, something that didn't involve so many people. But, there's an allure to this (probably shooting other people) that you just can't stay away from.  ±
You'll be happiest on solo missions, and your team will be appreciate your efforts (and possibly your absence). Work alone when you can. ±
Optimistic. ±
You always try to see the bright side of everything. ±
You believe that you won't get any more than you can possibly handle. ±
Even in the worst possible situations, you hope something good will come of it. ±
You enjoy working with most people, especially friendly types and others who know that everything will work out for the best. Pessimists, naturally, find it difficult to work with you, and although you hope they'll come around eventually, they might create more trouble still.  ±
You're kind of like oil and water, and to keep morale its best, work separately when you can. All in all, though, you keep the team upbeat. ±
Pessimistic. ±
When something good happens, you tend to wait for the other shoe to drop. ±
To help keep you in your positive frame of mind, continue to repeat your morning mantra: "There is no hope." ±
And you probably think this entire exercise was a waste of money. ±
You're tough to work with, but that probably doesn't surprise you. More than anything, optimists annoy you, and your "realism" isn't much appreciated by them, either. ±
You like working with people who share your outlook on life, namely that it sucks, and that bad things generally come to those who don't deserve it. ±
Aggressive. ±
You've got hero potential, pal - always willing to go above and beyond the call of duty, the extra mile. ±
You're the battery of mercs - you keep going and going and going. ±
You didn't hear the call of the wild - you ARE the call of the wild. ±
You don't know the meaning of the word "surrender," and nothing short of a big 10-ton weight (or 10 bullets) will keep you down. You appreciate people with kindred gutsy spirits, and those who don't share your go-getter outlook often find themselves on your black list. ±
No matter the situation, you seem to be able to take it in stride, your spirit unfazed. ±
Arrogant. ±
You might think you're all that and a box of bullets. It can annoy people. ±
How on earth did A.I.M. ever make it without you? ±
My, is that a chip on your shoulder or are you just happy to see a mirror? ±
You're great. The masses crowd before you. Look, the fact is that we're on to you, and so are other people. We won't deny that there are good things about you, some bordering on great, but it can get on people's nerves. ±
If they're not as good as you, they feel insecure (no doubt due to your constant reminders), and it lowers morale. Frankly, you won't be happy either. Try to team up with people that are as confident as you, and you'll do much better. So will the team! ±
Abrasive. ±
You know those people that you just want to punch for no apparent reason? You tend to have that effect on people, pal. ±
A suggestion for your tombstone: "Thank God." ±
This is curable, but the solution is, of course, permanent and we'll need to hire someone to clean up the mess. ±
Suffice to say that you are to "team" what "nails" are to "chalkboard." Regrettably, you might have some problems out in the field. You're not necessarily a bad guy, mind you, but your personality can be abrasive to others. ±
What can you do short of a lobotomy or prescription medication? Try to work by yourself as much as possible to preserve the team's morale. Besides, then you'll get exclusive bragging rights. ±
Cowardly. ± ±
You're always afraid that something's going to go wrong. ±
You'd run from most things, and that leaves your teammates to take up your slack. ±
If that yellow streak up your back gets any brighter, they'll pave you. ±
Look, here's the deal. C'mon, read on. You can do it. Fear, we think, is the root of all your problems. When you get scared and nervous, you make others feel down, too. That's not good for the team. What can you do? ±
First, get a grip on yourself. Secondly, hang out with happy people. They tend to rub off on you, and avoid grumps. You could even try working alone for a bit, just to build your confidence. ±
±  ± Next, we move on to your skill assessment. ±
SKILLS
Not everyone is a jack of all trades, but we all have certain skills that we use or abuse everyday in the field. We took your answers and compared them to the average joe. What were we looking for? Three things. ±
First, if you appear to be a superstar in any particular skill, you want to know about that. Rely on yourself for the toughest jobs here. Also, if you're a superstar, we've registered you as an IMPerial Merc. It really doesn't mean anything, but you can use it to impress your friends. ±
Secondly, we looked at your lesser interests, skills you've spent a bit of time developing, but not enough to be really helpful to a team.  Whether you want to improve these skills is up to you, but training can yield impressive results. Otherwise, you're kind of a loose cannon using them. ±
Lastly, we took a look at those skills that you apparently have no interest in. These are important to you, too. Using them is a bit like facing backwards in a cannon. ±
Based on the information you provided us, your skills are as follows:
± IMPerial Skills: ±
Marksmanship: Obviously, you trained with the Marine Corp. You're a great shot. Amazing! ±
Mechanical: With that mechanical skill, you should be working at Indy, man! ±
Explosives: What you do with explosives makes California earthquakes look like laugh jiggles on a fat man's belly. You're the best! ±
Medical: If we were out on the field, we know we could count on you to save our lives. Your team is lucky, Doctor! ±
±  ± Training Recommended: ±
Marksmanship: Apparently, with your marksmanship, you're targeted better than you target. We're concerned about any merc going into the field like this. Training can yield impressive results. ±
Mechanical: Obviously, your friends don't call you Mr. Fixit. While you have enough talent to recognize mechanical gadgets ("Yup, that sure is a motor, I think."), you best leave the tinkering and repairing to someone else. Training, of course, can improve your skill here. ±
Explosives: Unless forced to do so at gun point, you should avoid explosives for now. They're not too forgiving, you know? Consider brushing up on your skills here before you attempt to help out the team in any way. ±
Medical: You're there on the spot with first aid and can be helpful to the team. Still, there's room for improvement, and you have the potential. So, before you try to perform any major surgery ("Whaddya mean I gotta start wearing dresses!?!"), you better hit the books. Training can help. ±
 ± ± Off the Low End of the Scale: ±
Marksmanship: Welcome to Marksmanship 101. This is a gun. You should never, ever touch it. In fact, don't even get close to a battlefield. Get yourself some pom-poms and stay on the sidelines. (Note to IMP Headquarters: Possible Merc IMPostor.) ±
Mechanical: We recommend you find yourself a mechanically inclined friend, and hang kind of close to him. With your skill, you couldn't even fix a stapler, and if your gun jams, buddy, you better learn how to run! ±
Explosives: So, tell us, exactly how many pieces do ten fingers blow into? Well, luckily, not everyone needs this skill, but as a precaution, you should stay away from explosives and be real, real careful with grenades. ±
Medical: Band Aids are tricky for you, aren't they? Unless you want to earn the nickname, "Scissor Cheeks," it's best you leave everything from first aid to nurse maid for someone with some skill. You could actually do more harm than good. ±
± ± SPECIALIZED SKILLS TRAINING ±
Based upon your answers, our in-depth analysis also revealed that you may have received specialized training at some point in your past. Good for the team! Not every merc has the knowledge and knack that you have. Use it to the team's advantage and remember that practice makes perfect. ±
Lock-picking: You tend to think of locked doors as challenges, not obstacles. ±
Hand-to-Hand: Your years in that biker bar seemed to prepare you quite well for hand-to-hand action. You know how to take a man down and out with your bare hands. ±
Electronics: Maybe it was all those years trying to get your damn sound card to work. Whatever it was, whether it blinks, ticks, tocks or buzzes, you're probably the one to handle it. ±
Night Ops: When the lights go down, your adrenaline goes up. You're like a bat at night, able to hunt your prey and secure in the darkness. ±
Throwing: "Bull's-eye." It's a word you'd hear often if you were in a bar playing darts. Here on the field, your eye-to-hand-to-target accuracy is solid. ±
Teaching: You enjoy working with other people and passing on to them what you know, and unlike in school, the buggers actually seem to listen. ±
Heavy Weapons: If it has potential for mass destruction, you're drawn to it like a tornado to Tennessee. ±
Auto Weapons: You're comfortable with a couple dozen rounds firing off at a clip, able to control your bursts while feeling confident you are not a person to be messed with. ±
Stealthy: You're silent as a cat, smooth as the side of a silver bullet, and able to get in and out before anyone notices you've arrived. ±
Ambidextrous: You're comfortable with either hand, with most anything, and it doesn't seem to affect your accuracy at all. ±
Thief: You might not necessarily be proud of it, but hey, you've got a knack for that ol' five finger discount. It'll come in handy for you and your team, but be careful not to blow your cover. ±
Martial Arts: We won't tell the FBI, and you won't have to register your hands as weapons. But let it be known that all of us here are your friends. Really. We are. In fact, we love you. ±
Knifing: A knife belongs in your hands like a gaping wound belongs in a hospital. You seem to take particular delight in a bit of up-close-and-personal with a solid steel blade. ±
± Next, we'll take a look at your Physical Attributes. ±
± PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTES ±
It's important to know your body, its strengths and weaknesses. That way, when the pressure's on, you'll know whether you can take it or turn it over to someone more capable and qualified. ±
At IMP, we looked at the numbers you reported to us, and each was analyzed by our own on staff physician to see how you compare to that elusive "average joe." ±
First, we report to you any physical development that seems to go above and beyond the call of duty. In matters involving that particular attribute, you should be confident. Feel free to brag. ±
We also report on areas that you could use some development, attributes that are below that of the average joe. While it might not necessarily be a cause for concern, you should be aware that you're not exactly a shining star and avoid tasks that heavily tax a particular attribute. ±
Lastly, we report on any attributes that seem shockingly low or require hospitalization. Of course, some people have developed highly in one area and have a diminished capacity in another. It's normal, and doesn't necessarily make you a poor person. Just be super careful. ±
Super Attributes: ±
Health: Your health is great, man! You can take a lot before you're ready to give up. Your current health helps your overall performance and the effectiveness of your other skills and attributes. ±
Agility: You're an agile cat! You're able to slip in and out of anything. Whether it's a bullet whizzing by your head or a scream in the distance, you react fast, move fast and are in control. ±
Dexterity: Your dexterity would make Mozart jealous. You can perform precision movements with the talent of a surgeon. ±
Strength: You're built like a brickhouse and are as strong as an ox. With your incredible strength, you can throw things farther, carry more and muscle your way into and out of difficult situations. ±
Leadership: It's obvious you have potential to become one of the world's greatest leaders (or a public relations specialist). You have a knack for keeping people on the team happy, saying just the right things at the right time and communicating well with the people you meet.  ±
Wisdom: You ever try Jeopardy? Einstein, evidently, is a distant relative of yours. With your brains, you'll learn quickly from experience and training and have little trouble mastering complex things. ±
 ± Attributes on the Shy Side:  ±
Health: Overall, your health is as good as any 80-year old should expect it to be, and it's probably affecting your overall performance and the effectiveness of your other skills and attributes. ±
Agility: Of your grace and agility, people have used the words, "Bull," "Cow" and "Danger." You likely dodge hazardous situations about as deftly as a tree does lightning, and you probably trip over your own feet more often than not. ±
Be aware that dangerous situations can be extra dangerous for you, particularly if you put the team or yourself in more danger. ±
Dexterity: For you, "Butter Fingers" is a compliment. As long as it's a nice round object with no moving parts, you seem to do fine with it. However, things more complicated than, say, a football are probably better left to those more skilled (and they shouldn't be hard to find). ±
Strength: Your strength leaves something to be desired. Like muscles. You have difficulty throwing most things including your voice, and you can't really summon the intestinal fortitude to push, shove or pull your way through, into or around anything. Keep working on it. ±
Leadership: Leadership isn't one of your strong suits. You still regularly think, "What would mommy do here?" You're just not that good when it comes to morale building, although you might not necessarily hurt it. Probably, it's a good idea to let someone else do the talking. ±
Wisdom: Your wisdom leaves something to be desired. You have, perhaps, just given us our first argument to the theory that mankind evolved. It'll take you longer to learn from experience and training, and you might have trouble mastering complex things. ±
 ± Low Attributes: ±
Health: You've probably died before receiving this email. A low health, as you've discovered, makes it difficult to function well, particularly when your arm is falling off. Perhaps you should avoid situations where you might get hurt, like cutting vegetables, and stay away from weapons. ±
Agility: Try to avoid situations that require you to act or react fast, like a battle. Whether it's a bullet whizzing by your head or a scream in the distance, you're likely to notice it... ah, right about now. Your best bet is to hone your praying skill. You're going to need it. ±
Dexterity: In your hands, even spoons are life threatening. Avoid movements that require precision, like snapping your fingers or sign language, and don't touch things. Just, just don't touch them.  ±
Strength: Takes some effort to click that mouse, doesn't it? Don't wind yourself. In any endeavor that requires strength, be it tossing a rock or muscling open a door, you should simply remember these two key words: "Help me." ±
Leadership: And to sum up about leadership: shut up, sit down and do as you're told. Let other people talk. You don't have what it takes to communicate well with others, whether they're on your team or walking down the street.  ±
Wisdom: W_i_s_d_o_m. That's a noun, boys and girls. Can you say, "Wisdom?" Look pointyhead, no, no, not over there. It's just that you don't have much in that head of yours, okay?  ±
It'll take you a while to learn from experience and training, and you might have trouble mastering complex things, like setting your watch or flushing a toilet.  ±
Remember, everyone is different. Some are strong, and some are smart. Some are stupid and ugly, but that's okay, too. We're all individuals, so don't let any super high scores go to your head or low scores get you down. You're fine just the way you are.  ±
 ± ± Can we have a group hug, now?
±   ± Next, we analyze your Portrait and Voice Selection.
± PORTRAIT & VOICE SELECTION  ±
We all look and talk differently. We're also all attracted to different things (thankfully, otherwise it would be a very small planet, or we'd have two very busy people).   ±
Your selection of the portrait and voice you most identify with tells us a lot about you, how you perceive yourself and what tends to attract you.   ±
Our staff personality analyst, Dr. Bob Smith, has carefully reviewed your selections and compared them to the rest of your profile.  ±
What do your portrait and voice selections say about you? They mirror a person that you'd like to be as well as the person you currently are:   ±
You like it when people look at you and move back a step or two, afraid that crossing your path could mean the difference between a bad and a good day. It gives you some kind of quiet thrill. ±
Everything about you, you like to wear on the outside, from your tough, carved good looks to your well-muscled arms. We'd guess you're actually an introvert, though, saving your most inner thoughts for those you have come to trust completely. ±
You live for a good time, and women are drawn to your bad boy image - those incredible looks, those beautiful deep eyes, and that strong jaw line. They don't particularly seem to care that you're not a Harvard Grad or even a high school grad. ±
In fact, once they get a look at your sculpted abs and those pumped arms, it's all just details anyway. Apart from women? Every one else, I imagine, just runs from you, and you like it just fine that way. ±
You could have been on a calendar or a centerfold model for some women's magazine. You like to think you're a beautiful creation, and that confidence shows on your face. No one would ever accuse you of being an insecure guy.  ±
Our analysis reveals you're probably well rounded, well developed and learned in many areas. Somehow, though, you occasionally doubt yourself, wondering if perhaps there is something more you could be. So, unlike many others, it drives you harder still toward perfection. ±
"He's not someone to mess with." You like to hear that, don't you? Makes you feel proud, like the man you know you are. In your head, you have an image of yourself driving down the highway on a big Harley Davidson, wind in your hair, going wherever the road takes you. ±
You may be confident enough in yourself to make that vision a reality someday. Our analysis also reveals that your presence might intimidate some people, but your tough exterior actually masks a gentleman inside. ±
Your selections lead us to believe that you're almost a contradiction in your looks, that tough chiseled exterior masking a mind that moves like a well tuned machine. When people first see you, they can mistake you for "all brawn, no brains," and you can use that to your advantage. ±
In all likelihood, you're a unique combination of extrovert and introvert, outgoing and talkative among friends, but keeping your deepest secrets and thoughts to yourself. ±
Underneath that tough exterior, there's a man who's read Tolkien and Shakespeare, studied history and philosophy and toned his mind as well as his biceps. Yet, you like to think you're as devastating in a fight as in a courtroom, regardless of which side of the law you might be on. ±
You keep most things to yourself, your secrets, your thoughts and your bullets, but our analysis shows that you'd be there for a friend all the time any time. ±
There are two sides to you, the tough, aggressive guy who likes to jump on his Harley for a ride in the country and the studied man who loves a good debate. When people meet you, they can never put their finger on the exact nature of your personality. ±
You have been called an enigma, a mystery, and you enjoy the way the words fit. You like to think you're as comfortable with ballistics as you are with physics, and in most cases, you're probably right. ±
Ever since you were a little kid, you've probably had a curious mind, always trying to figure out how things work and why things are the way they are. You're inquisitive, tend to think of yourself as the "intellectual" type, and enjoy dressing the part. ±
You leave just enough of that male bravado around the edges to inspire respect when situations call for it. Our analysis also reveals that you're a ladies' man, but right now, you're reluctant to enter any kind of committed relationship, especially if your current mate finds out about it. ±
Our analysis revealed some interesting possibilities: you may dream of being a model, a centerfold or a kept boy for some Hollywood millionairess. Beauty, your own as well as the looks of those around you, attracts you, and you prefer a toned abdomen to a toned mind. ±
Unlike many others, you have a solid self esteem and are confident in the way you look. You tend to be a bit on the vain side, however, and fear a toupee more than a tourniquet. As such, you may possess the ability to be eerily calm out on the field in the midst of great chaos. ±
What your yearbook quote should have said: "I love myself. What with my handsome face and big biceps, so what if I failed some classes? I beat up the gym teacher and dated more women than a prison has riots. I plan to pursue my dream jobs of model and actor, not necessarily in that order." ±
Unfortunately, things didn't work out as you planned, so obviously, you've taken a bit of freelance work as a mercenary. Eventually, you hope to make the cover of Soldier of Fortune magazine and be recognized for the wonderful human being you perceive yourself to be. ±
You think of yourself as generally misunderstood. People tend to see you and judge you upon your looks before they get to know the real you. Underneath, if they cared to look, they'd find a surprisingly intelligent, driven man whose passions in life run varied and deep. ±
Despite your desire to be known for the real you, you probably wield your looks like a double-edged sword on occasion, using that smile to lure people or make them nervous as hell. ±
An odd mix, you're likely to be, one that might even annoy lesser people. You tend to think you have looks and brains, too - an irresistible package with the women in your life, and there have probably been many. Some would say you have it all, but you may feel things elude you still. ±
You hope to hit it big, but haven't exactly figured out how. Is that what brings you to your current profession? Pursuit of a dream and the spirit of adventure are irresistible to you. Only by pushing your own horizons can you hope to find the ultimate success you crave. ±
You have a presence that could just as easily intimidate as fascinate. You have a favorite football team, like to be served, thank you very much, and know exactly what you're looking for in life. This foray, we would wager, is one of your greater adventures. You may have good self-confidence. ±
In fact, you probably don't buy into that whole thing about women being the weaker sex either. Both mentally and physically, you seem to outgun the meat you've seen here so far. You are most likely to be introverted, keeping your aspirations, goals and secrets to yourself. ±
You're the life of any party, and until that thing you did last year, you were invited to many. You like to think of yourself as outgoing, strong, confident and ready to take on the world. Behind those toned muscles, however, runs a potential chord of insecurity and an inner contradiction. ±
You likely fear success and failure at the same time. Great success brings with it a greater potential for failure, and a more costly failure at that. So, you wander looking for one happy medium or another. Here, however, you're likely to find the answers you have been looking for. ±
You could have been a calendar or a centerfold model for some men's magazine. You like to think you're a beautiful creation, and that confidence shows on your face. No one would ever accuse you of being insecure. ±
Our analysis reveals you're probably well-rounded, well developed and learned in many areas. Somehow, though, you occasionally doubt yourself, wondering if, perhaps, there is something more you could be. So, unlike many others, it drives you harder still toward perfection. ±
"She's not someone to mess with." You like to hear that, don't you? Makes you feel proud, like the woman you know you are. In your head, you have an image of yourself driving down the highway in a 1957 Chevy convertible, wind in your hair, sunglasses on your face, going where the road takes you. ±
You're confident enough in yourself to make that vision a reality someday. Our analysis reveals that your presence might intimidate some people, but your tough exterior actually masks a gentle woman inside. ±
Your selections lead us to believe that you're almost a contradiction in your looks. That seductive exterior masks a mind that moves like a well tuned machine. When people first see you, they can easily mistake you for "all beauty, no brains," and you can use that to your advantage. ±
In all likelihood, you're a unique combination of extrovert and introvert, outgoing and talkative among friends, but keeping your deepest secrets and thoughts to yourself. ±
Underneath that beautiful exterior, there's a woman who's read Steinbeck and Kerouac, studied science and philosophy and toned her mind as well as her biceps. You like to think you're as devastating in a fight as in a courtroom, regardless of which side of the law you might be on. ±
You keep most things to yourself, your secrets, your thoughts and your bullets, but our analysis shows that you'd be there for a friend all the time any time. ±
There are two sides to you, the brazen, aggressive vixen who enjoys the complementary stares and calls of random men, and the reserved woman who has a solid footing in life and commands respect. When people meet you, they can never put their finger on the exact nature of your personality. ±
You have been called an enigma, a mystery, and you enjoy the way the words fit. You like to think you're as comfortable with yourself as you are with a gun, and in most cases, you're probably right. ±
Ever since you were a little kid, you've probably had a curious mind, always trying to figure out how things work and why things are the way they are. You're inquisitive, tend to think of yourself as the "intellectual" type, and enjoy dressing the part. ±
You like to leave enough of that feminine mystique around the edges to stun men when situations call for it, however. Our analysis reveals that you have the potential to be a man-nizer, too. Right now, you should avoid any new relationships, especially if your current mate knows where you are. ±
Our analysis reveals that you're just not buying into that Barbie-doll concept of a tiny waist, silicon chest and enough makeup to coat an elephant two times over. You dream of walking into Revlon and saying, "Precisely why do women need to paint themselves anyway?" ±
You may have enough confidence to do it someday. We have a feeling you're secure in who you are, and if it's true, that's saying quite a bit. It's an inner peace that many have yet to achieve. ±
Interesting, indeed. If you had your wish, just once, we believe, you'd love to do a commando mission on the Miss America contest. You'd steal their makeup and hair spray, and force them to walk the runway in khaki's, Doc Marten's and a flannel shirt while chanting, "We refuse to be props!"
While that will probably never happen, you try nonetheless to adopt it as a philosophy in your life -- always demanding that you be accepted for who you are without compromise and without reservation. ±
± ± Analysis Complete: File ICB1024 ±
You're covered. From your head down to your toes and everything in between, you now know more about you than your own mother. What we've provided you, if you follow our advice, of course, will help you be a lean, mean fighting machine out there. ±
You know what situations to avoid and where you work the best. In fact, if you find things aren't going well, you might want to read over this analysis again to see if there's something you could do better. ±
± We're confident you made the right choice with IMP! ±
