Sweet mother of pearl! And man am I glad to see you.
Good to see ya... I haven't forgotten ya. Doubt I ever will.
Hope you guys can handle this mess.
Satan himself wouldn't last very long in here.
Thanks. But I don't need it.
Hard to believe I might finally be free.
You don't scare me. There's nothing left to scare.
Don't take this the wrong way - I'm grateful and everything, and I do want to get out of here, but I don't feel like getting my ass shot off. Think I'll just lay low until you guys get this situation under control.
I need to get med...a doctor.
I ain't got time.
I ain't got nothing to say to you until you pay me the money you owe me.
Well, it seems weird. But... I'm sure I can put it to use.
After what they done to me, you bet your sweet bippy! Of course, you're gonna give a weapon, right? Never know, I might be able to help you out.
I'm pretty good at jimmying doors, if I can get a hold of some tools. Could get ya into a lot of places. What do you say to fifty bucks a day?
I've been caged up for over a week. Those barbaric animals are carrying out experiments on humans! Nerve agents and stuff, I think... There's a lot of sick morons in this place.
You got here none to soon. Overheard someone say it was my turn to get injected with their screwball concoctions some time today. From what I've seen, it takes a couple of minutes of screaming agony before ya croak.
Those morons are planning to wipe out a couple of cities, I think. Looking to go reign terror on somebody anyway... And doing a lot of weird shit in this place to get ready for it.
I know you're busy. Ya got a war to fight and all. I should be grateful just for the chance to breath air, but I'm hurtin' bad and I could use some medical attention...
Thanks. Feeling better already.
Nah... No luck. Got taken away by the army instead.
Matt's someone who'll be awfully glad to see me. He and his crew have been on a work slowdown at the mine in protest of my detention. Kinda slowed production as much as they could without getting themselves executed.
I'd feel better if you took care of the guards before we got into any long conversations.
Are you sure there's no one around? Last thing I'd want to do is have a guard come in here...
I'm up to it! I can't wait to get my hands around her neck.
Maybe I will go with ya. Might be safer being in the company of people with guns.
Burn in hell! You heartless bastard.
It's good to see you too, Matt. I'd still be in a cage if wasn't for the mercenaries rescuing me.
Yeah... I got a serious score to settle.
