Thank you for defeating the army! It was a rather close call before you got here.
So... What do you want?
Thank you for helping us out with the army.
With this SAM site nullified, the airspace is under OUR control. And we need this operational now, as gun ships and other copters have been spotted in the East.
This is not the time for passing around presents.
Mm..I don't know if the artillery we have is fully operational yet? We spent most of our weapons cache bombing the elite guard. But there looks like there is more here!
Cut the bullshit! Don't get on my nerves!
I'm staying here, the men need someone to organise these weapons.
Argh... Help me! I didn't come this far to die here now!
Seems like you have much to do!
Thanks.
I won't put up with your insults. And now it's MY turn!
How about silencing the enemy troops first then, perhaps?
Enrico Chivaldori IS on this island somewhere, I know it, I'm sure of it! He was set to meet the vice-governor, but we haven't heard from either of them in days AFTER the counter-attack.
One of my spies told me, he heard that he maybe was captured. And, I'm betting, he's prisoner at the former Chivaldori Palace now.
You should go..and help them!
The Palace is East of here, but..well, you'll have to go through the Arulcan troops first!
The island was a former rebel stronghold but the Queen and those who empower her soon took it over, including the former marine hospital. We think it was to secure a passage for the tyrant to flee through this part of Arulco.
Elite forces have dug in to the medical centre, despite us bombing their holdout. We were ambushed by a spearhead group of Arulcan troops, but now that you are here, maybe their push forward can be stopped.

IF Enrico and the Vice-Governor are still alive, you must find and liberate them! Then..maybe...they can help you?
We've heard the Queen and her guard are in a well defended area, but they won't be able to hold out there forever.



Yes I changed allegiance. YOU have no right to judge me, it was the only way to survive. YOU remember that!
