There are only two airports in Arulco, this is one of them. This one is going to give us a strategic advantage as we are not going to be short on supplies as long as we occupy it.
This sport airfield is a relic from better times. In the past there was enough fuel for airplanes and some of the people were able to afford to fly. Now the people live in poverty in Drassen and there is no kerosene for the machines.
You can meet the whole town here in the evenings. People go to the bars to drink to forget. I can't hold it against them, who wants to live like that?
The Queen built a training camp for her soldiers here. She'll be furious if we capture the camp, but I can live with that.
The offices and the munitions depot are situated in this district. I think we'll find some useful items for our kit bags here.
I've heard soldiers who develop a conscience, spies and rebels are brought here to be interrogated. Interrogate might be a nice word for it, most of the time it's nothing more than glorified torture and often resulting in death.
Let me tell you something. I have seen many people go inside there but they don't come back out. You won't see them around anymore, they simply vanish. There are no bones, no corpses, nothing.
It's going to be tough to get the residents of Alma on our side. The military site and the soldiers stationed there have been more or less the only source of income for the city.
This is the only hospital in the country. The Queen's men setup mines as they suspected that the doctors not only treated soldiers and civilians, but also the rebels. Ever since there's no hospital in Arulco. Sad, isn't it?
Before the Queen came to the throne, there were public schools and universities, but that was a long time ago now. Today, they're all closed. There is a munitions depot a little East of here. Maybe we should drop in and take a look?
The majority of the city folk are unemployed since the hospital, the schools and university closed. Many people used to work here. Now most of them are struggling to make ends meet.
Welcome to the commercial zone of the town. The owners of the larger stores are distrustful of everyone. We are going to have to earn their trust before they are going to do business with us.
This is the nicest part of San Mona. After the fire everything's been completely rebuilt, even the hotel... Mostly Deidranna's people benefit from it, ones who earned a vacation after exceptional service to the kingdom.
This is the so called entertainment area of the city, got a few trashy bars, a brothel, and a video rental place... it's all a front though. Hans, the owner of the video store, can get you in touch with an arms dealer.
Fighting contests take place here, you can make good money gambling on fighters, even put forward your own if they're tough enough. Rumor has it that Kingpin has some kind of deal with the Queen regarding San Mona as an autonomous region.
The mine has been shut down after oil was found here. The Queen needed the work force at the oil rig. The people gain nothing. She seizes all the oil to finance her army. You're not going to find anyone here to become militia for the rig.
These ruins were once a tourist magnet, one of the main draw cards was the "Chalice of Chance" it's an ancient relic, some think it stems back as far as the Aztecs, but it was stolen during the war and now tourists stay away from here.
Once there was the wellness oasis in this part of the city, with fitness studios and alternative healing complexes, but look for yourself there is not much left of its former glory.
This became a booming business district after the war. But since the trouble erupted, business has been bad and the ferry doesn't travel to the islands of the neighboring countries like it used to.
This is the largest arms factory of the country. It's been the victim of bombings many times. Despite excessive efforts, the terrorist couldn't be apprehended.
What you see here are the countries weapons manufacturing plants. Maybe we can find some useful weapons here for ourselves?
Yeah, long ago I used to come here to fill up gas and get parts from the junkyard. Back then cars and trucks were common in Arulco. Today it is almost impossible to get gasoline. The Queen imports just enough to suit her own needs.
Officially we are told that this laboratory is for studying the behavior of Bloodcats. But nobody really believes this. Why would a Bloodcat research center be guarded by so many soldiers?
This is the home of the rich. Most of them work for the Hale and Burton Company in some way or another. The first of the oil was discovered just South of the city. To the North is the courthouse. The judgments are anything but fair there.
Everything the rich can possibly want can be found in this part of the city, including the racetrack, just South of here. The business owners won't be happy about our arrival, after all we chased away their only source of income.
The Gardens of Burton. I've heard about them but never seen them, aren't they adorable? Until this day they have been reserved for the Queen and her closest associates. Well looks like we put a stop to that.
Here we are! The palace of the Queen. What are we waiting for? Let's stick it to the old hag!
I knew for some time now that this place exists. I'd never seen it close up. It's a ground to air missile base. Obviously not a place with a busy air space.
This is the second airport of the country. The Queen procures weapons for her army and luxury goods through here. She is going to be completely cut off from her arms supply when we capture this airport. As an extra bonus we get her jet!
Deidranna must be off her rocker, she converted the stadium into this gladiator arena. It's common knowledge she amuses herself watching prisoners who were sentenced to death to fight against Bloodcats.
Welcome to the modern shopping center of Arulco! You can sell your soul or blow your credit limit on just about anything. They say we have everything you need, what we don't have, you won't need!
This is a high security prison, self-contained and self-reliant, unlike the others. It's never really crowded as the inmates have a short life expectancy. If you're lucky you're taken to the work camp not far from here.
This is the Northern missile base. It was built to prevent enemy planes from reaching the border. But nobody's really tried to bomb Arulco for a while now. Sometimes I think the world just about forgot about this place.
This missile base mostly protects the oilrig nearby from air raids. Shouldn't really hurt when we take control of it.
A missile base in the heart of Arulco! I came across some garbled intel a few months ago that new rockets were being tested here, but I could never find the place or any more evidence. The Queen won't be that happy when we call it ours.
