We can't even begin to list the number of battles Biff Apscott has witnessed. His experience, dedication, and willingness to part with his retirement fund have made this agency what it is today. In a private moment between warriors, Col. Leon Roachburn once said Biff is "a fearless leader of men. A man without equal."
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training for M.E.R.C. and is a silent partner in the business.
Killing is Frankie Gordon's specialty. He's not particular about how he kills, just as long as he has fun doing it. Haywire may not be considered a marksman, but he does exhibit a certain fascination for automatic weapons and seems to handle them with ease. The same could be said for his talents with sharp knives.
Frankie is working on improving his people skills.
Doug Milton was born and raised in the foothills of Kentucky. When he dropped out of school in the fourth grade, he worked at his father's service station pumping gas. When his sister replaced him at the garage, he was an accomplished mechanic. He's been a bit of drifter since he left the family business and now he seeks his fame as a mercenary for hire.
Gasket lists his hobbies as "squirrel shooting and road sign collecting."
Razor's attention to detail and finesse with a blade saved him from being nicknamed "The Butcher." Ask him why he prefers a knife to a gun and every time he'll say, "so much noise, so little challenge!" He takes pride in his ability to carve the alphabet--or at least the vowels--into his victims before they bleed to death.
Razor Lamont has been occasionally called certifiable. And he is indeed certified--certified in killing!
The daughter of vineyard workers, Florence Gabriel spent most of her childhood in Cognac, France before moving to Pittsburgh. After settling in the U.S., she took a job as the bookkeeper to a major gun dealer where she acquired extensive knowledge on the value of firearms. Slightly hesitant, but bright, Flo is simply priced too low to pass up.
Florence volunteers with illiterate adults during her spare time.
Tim is a brilliant explosives expert who catches on quickly. When it comes to explosives though, there really isn't much room for error. Tim Hillman would probably still be enrolled in Harvard, doing graduate research in electro-magnetic fields, if it wasn't for a couple bouts of severe depression...possibly due to his constant exposure to EMF.
Due to acute allergies, Gumpy prefers to work in northern climates.
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.
Jim Wallace is one of the few cadets ever to get a perfect score on every final exam at military college. Of course, it didn't hurt that his father wrote the school's military code of conduct. He's a master at conventional mercenary skills and a pro with automatic weaponry. Always by-the-book Cougar is highly professional, possibly M.E.R.C.'s top performer.
Even though he's a man with strong opinions, Cougar has the military background (and discipline) to keep them to himself.
Tim Sutton suffers from a bad case of visual offensiveness and no one has been willing to give him a break. His bad haircut and neck tattoo have hindered this mercenary's career pursuits despite an otherwise impressive resume that includes martial arts and night ops training. His marksmanship and medical abilities are also excellent.

Aside from his sheer size, Thorton is famous for being the first prison guard to ever be dismissed from the Alabama State Correctional Department for brutality towards inmates. The precise details of this chain-gang boss' infractions remain unclear as we weren't about to ask.

As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as a independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.
One of our more colorful warriors, Tex Colburn has returned to the mercenary life. As a star of Japanese westerns, he played the lead role in "Much Dust, Many Bullets," and has received glowing reviews for his roles in the classic films "Attack of the Clydesdales" and "Have Honda, Will Travel." Tex is quick with a .357 in each hand, and travels with his own stage make-up.

When you need the very best, turn to Col. Biggins. His experiences in guerilla warfare in South Asia have given him a sharp aim with a rifle and unique skills with traps and explosives. Col. Biggins will gladly share his experiences, even without being asked. He just demands that servants carry the heavy gear.

A disgruntled, civil servant, Jack Durham got out of the postal office just before he flipped out. With the help of his therapist and a strong union, "Postie" joined M.E.R.C. allowing him to vent his frustrations and earn some serious cash while doing so.

On infinite probation, "Unusually Ruthless" Reuban is best described by his nickname. He's called "Ruthless", because he wiped out his entire family with a cordless hedge trimmer, and "Unusually Ruthless", because he recharged the appliance twice before he was finished!

The "loose-lipped" legend is once again amongst the rank and file of M.E.R.C.. Back from a brief retirement, the Colonel returns determined to amend for the disgrace, he claims, his children have bestowed upon the family name as mercenaries.
A natural born leader with combat experience.
In 1964 the U.S. formed the top secret Studies and Observations group (SOG), to coordinate clandestine activity in Vietnam. Spooky is skilled in a variety of roles; including psychological warfare and infiltration. Like all SOG teams, Spooky was trained to avoid contact but is very well versed in combat, it is estimated that for every SOG soldier killed there were 150 enemy casualties.
Unemployed after 'Nam, Spooky became a soldier for hire.
The youngest child and only daughter of the legendary Col. Leon Roachburn, Megan like her brothers Gary and Larry followed her siblings into the mercenary business until she became a full-time stay at home mother. After parenthood came maturity and Megan made a successful return to the mercenary field with a particular knack for observation and surveying assignments.  
Despite repeated attempts and extensive training "Sparky" is still unable to swim but focuses her energies on other skills including intellgence gathering.
As a relatively new recruit, Mary Beth Wilkens desperately wants the chance to prove herself. While her stats may appear weak, Wilkens is a quick learner with some medical experience and a gung ho attitude. She also has no qualms about ratting on fellow team members.

A member in good standing, Samuel Garver rose from the hardships of the deep South to gain a renowned and illustrious reputation as one of the most sought after and experienced soldiers for hire.
For a man of his years, his health remains remarkable, though his ability to improve his skills is much slower these days.
As a supposed member of the clergy and as a member of a certain other mercenary organization, the Reverend Clyde Potter has toted superior firepower and carried the burden of sinners for over twelve years. Due to some differences of opinion he decided to find a new employer, and now we're proud to welcome him in our ranks.
If you can handle the "Voice of God" within shouting distance, then the price is a sin.
A long-time mercenary, Ed Stockwell's loyalties have always been strongly influenced by the signature on his paycheck. As a jack-of-all-trades and master of most, Ears Stockwell offers versatility at an affordable price and a commitment to tell you all he hears.

Elroy B. Tolken was one of the key men inside the Watergate hotel when Gordon and company were discovered. After serving his time, the longest of those sentenced, he joined the mercenary ranks, and has since plied his trade without legal consequences.
Elroy is an unrivaled master of infiltration.
Once he was the apple of every child's eye, wooed by public broadcasting companies around the world, available at fine retailers everywhere. Today, the costume is gone, and all that remains are the memories and a voice that no one can take seriously.

As his nickname suggests, Herman Regents is by no stretch of the imagination one of our most agile members. He is, however, one of the swiftest... He has seen plenty of action in North Africa, and was also a decorated officer on a major metropolitan police force.

In the short span of time Hurl E. Cutter has been with the organization, he has become a familiar sight to our medical staff and a great source of insider information. Though perfectly healthy, this chatty mercenary just can't seem to keep his lips shut.

Straight from Saint Michael's Hospital for criminally insane, Bruce Bonner has skirted the edge of reality and toyed with demonic fantasy since childhood. There exists a serious difference in opinion as to whether he should remain within the organization. However, qualified explosives experts remain hard to find.

"Mouthpiece" is a fitting title for wee Willy Augustin, a personality trait that he excels at like no other. Weasel, a mercenary with over five years of experience, has just been enlisted in M.E.R.C. ranks, and besides some serious fisticuffs with Ears Stockwell, his history within the organization remains uneventful.

A once-heralded professional wrestler, Carl Goodman is a recent addition to M.E.R.C.. He is often referred to by those who knew him during his ring days as "It", because of his size and manner. However, those who have seen him in water call him "Rock".

Doctor Bernie Gloveless has been responsible for treating the wounded and administering the annual physical of a certain other mercenary organization members for more than five years. Both his operating and examining techniques have become... well... timeless!

As one of the oldest fighting men alive, Murray McGillicutty's cock-and-bull stories about prehistoric warfare and his ability to cheat death are mystical among the younger members of our organization.
When not on assignment, Pops manages a web-based funeral salon specializing in respectful internment of mercenaries.
Under evaluation for possible eye problems, Walter Yuntz has been with M.E.R.C. long enough to show substantial improvement in his markmanship, but it hasn't happened. For the time being, we suggest he'd be used for his competence in other fields.

Doctor Eli Summers has been a devoted mercenary for several years. Though a poor shot, with no hope of improvement, he has hung in during some of the most devastating assignments, only to sign up for another with little hesitation.
Dr. Summers is deadly with a three-iron, and is currently entertaining the possibility of joining the Senior's Tour.
Lance Fisher joined the mercenary trade after a short stint with the Indiana National Guard and an even shorter stint, a weekend, in Grenada. Altough he's currently a highly regarded instructor of ethics and tactical withdrawal at Westpoint Military Academy, we've managed to bring him to our roster with the help of another veteran, Lance's brother in arms, Biff Apscott. 
His latest bestseller, "Beating a path to safety without screaming", is available at most military college bookstores.
Born to parents of Jamaican and Scottish ancestry, Dr. Raffitto Leevon has attempted to care for the casualties of war during countless conflicts. While his standing within the medical profession remains sketchy, we believe an amount of mercenaries brought back from death's door should be the best testament of his extensive knowledge and exceptional surgical skills.
When he's not saving lives, Dr. Leevon pursues musical career as his alter ego, Dr. Raffiman, and his Cajun-funk band, Rotis and Haggis.
As a part-time member, Wink Dickerson, a former major league pitcher, has used his natural talents to his employers' advantage for years. Though still plagued by just slightly subpar target sense, he is by all accounts a gamer waiting for the right opportunity.
He's well-known primarily for his incredibly strong throwing arm.
M.E.R.C. founder, the living legend, a man who once dropped on Metavira with nothing but a screwdriver and a pair of pliers, managed to fight his way through the jungle and single-handedly finish off treacherous Lucas Santino, and who later, despite struggling with incompetence and corruption within A.I.M., brought down an entire DFK to its knees, is back on duty!
He has yet to retake some of physicals, and marksmanship tests, as his scores are obviously out-of-date (and severely understated).
John Kulba, the Commando of Cleveland, Ohio - Grunt from the Great Lakes. Once a sharpshooter (in the reserves) and a commander (in the neighborhood watch), following his wife Mary's, he decided to live out his long dream of becoming a soldier of fortune.
He specifically asks for assignments in Arulco.
Elio was one of the key figures during the Metaviran campaign. As a native guide he led forces of mercenaries through the swamps, forests and deserts, while under enemy fire. Countless men owe him their lives, as he saved them from nature's most dangerous predator - carnivorous eels that infested the island.
Skillfulness in how he slices up his enemies can be only compared with our own proficiency at slashing down prices.
Another Metaviran veteran, Juan, earned his reputation as a man able to maintain weapons and equipment in hard conditions of a hostile environment, keeping rust, water and dirt at bay with ease. Some survivors of the conflict say his mechanical skills are almost equal to those of legendary Speck T. Kline himself.
Hiring Juan is just an another step in the struggle to provide our benefactors with an economic, yet able personnel.
Wahan, a Metaviran native, was responsbile for keeping the soldiers' spirits up throughout the conflict.  Even if he lacks a formal medical education and his treatments are highly unorthodox he is an experienced healer of both body and soul.
Bringing him into our ranks was quite a challenge, as our headhunter had to negotiate it with the tribe of, well, actual headhunters.
Tanja has a proven pedigree being related to A.I.M.'s Steve "Grizzly" Bornell. She immigrated to New Zealand in her teens but kept in contact with her cousin maintaining a strict keep fit regime that he'd tailored for her in college. They reunited on an assignment in East Timor where Tanja showed off her HtoH combat skills to Grizzly who nicknamed her "Wildcat."
Wildcat was set to begin a new contract with A.I.M. last year, but due to a pay dispute M.E.R.C. is proud to claim another scoop recruit from our competitors!
After spending most of his informative years dodging borstals as a child and police cells as an adult, Arsenal tried to escape his hooligan past of petty crime by joining the French Foreign legion, but his temper and an unfortunate incident with a spork and the mess hall chef for not cooking his eggs right, resulted in ejection. Arsenal has since side-stepped into gun-for-hire work.
Though Nathan hasn't seen a football terrace in years he still has a deep seated hatred for anyone following Spurs or Bayern Munich.
An ex-action B-movie star and martial artist, who once set out to prove his traits under the stolen character name, ironically found his true destiny as a quite successful mercenary.  Now, after leaving a failed acting career behind him, he' s ready to turn his real birth name in the trademark of swiftness and professionalism.
Despite recieving numerous cease and desist letters, our lawyers discourage us from getting involved in any copyright lawsuits against "Ash" .
Once a successful private investigator and the self-proclaimed king of the world, Rilley, as the world started to change around him, found himself struggling to maintain his expensive lifestyle. After trying his hand as a bodyguard, stunt driver and shooting instructor, he finally hit jackpot and joined M.E.R.C. Now his all-around skills are available to the highest bidder.

Amaqjuag (or 'Strong One' in his native tongue) is an expert tracker and hunter that can happily work in the most inhospitable climates known to man.  Despite being nicknamed 'Eskimo' by his peers he is actually an Inuit but continues to use the name for marketing purposes. 
Due to a technical glitch Eskimo's appearance on our roster system was delayed.  Thankfully these bugs have been ironed out and Eskimo is finally available.
Susan "Hustler" Lysette had a lucrative career 'entertaining' bankers and celebrities until a recession wiped out her clientele.  Struggling for cash she turned to crime by seducing, drugging and robbing her former clients.  Unfortunately for her one of these clients worked for M.E.R.C. and after an unsucessful attempt was convinced by said client to use her talents as a mercenary. 
Hustler is an expert in seduction and misdirection which makes her an ideal spy.  In addition she has been taking lessons in using bladed weapons.
Charlie Akecheta, better known to his peers as Sioux, has worked for M.E.R.C. infrequently for some time now.  Whilst his motives for joining the mercenary business is unknown (and to be honest we didn't ask) his presence on the battlefield helps inspire our newer recruits.
Sioux is a master of bladed weapons and favours their use over more modern weapons.
Need to send some baddies to never-never land? Enter Sandman - the youngest member to the infamous Roachburn clan. Jesse always aspired to carry on the family name and become famous, and being scholared in the tricks of the trade by his mother Megan certainly made that possible. He's now hungry to put this training to good use and M.E.R.C. is happy to oblige!
For legal reasons we're compelled to mention that Jesse's spent time in juvenile detention center on some minor larceny charges.
Buck Hoyt, shaped by Montana's boundless expanses, sought fortune in the city, only to be stifled by its confines. The call of the wild drew him back to his roots, while the call of bills to pay drew him to M.E.R.C. Buck's eyes mirror the vast prairies he adores, as his actions forge a new path in the chaotic tapestry of freelance warfare.
As a medical college dropout, Buck knows his way around bodies without being constrained by the Hippocratic Oath.
