0:MERC/Bio:After an illustrious career as a mercenary, Sam Garver put in for his pension and retired to the Florida Keys. He is enjoying his golden years as the owner/operator of Sam's Alligator Ranch and Gift shop. Located just off Higway 71, the conveniently situated shop has acquired a reputation for its exclusive line of gator-skinned combat knives and matching boots, and the war stories Sam is always eager to recount to his customers.
1:MERC/Bio:Known primarily for his strong throwing arm, yet poor accuracy, Wink Dickerson finally received the call he had been waiting for all of his life. Severe budget cuts left the Montreal Expos searching for pitching talent, or the lack of it, just about anywhere. After accepting a contract for 140 Canadian dollars a week, Wink has earned a position as the fifth pitcher in the starting rotation of their farm club.
2:MERC/Bio:It is one of the most tragic turn of events we have ever had to report. Mary Beth died last August on the steps of her apartment building at the hands of a lone gunman. After enduring months of harassment, which developed into stalking, she was surprised by a crazed mercenary groupie, as she walked up to her doorway with her arms full of groceries. Mary Beth's determination and positive attitude will remain an inspiration to us all.
3:MERC/Bio:After eight attempts at rehab without any sustained success, A.I.M. was left with little choice but to terminate Larry Roachburn's membership within the organization. From what we understand, Larry's father persuaded him to make yet another attempt at ridding himself of his demons and cleansing his body from decades of toxicity. The organization wishes him the best of luck in all his future endeavors.
4:MERC/Bio:Ears Stockwell handed in his resignation almost eighteen months ago. Since that time, we have heard nothing from him and therefore have no news to report. Though, to be honest, we haven't exactly gone out of our way to make contact with him either.
5:MERC/Bio:Bernie's history with A.I.M. can probably be, at best, described as checkered. After refusing to give up his position as the organization's physician and considering the abundance of complaints from fellow members, A.I.M. felt obliged to give Dr. Bernie Gloveless a dishonorable discharge. He's currently employed with an international insurance company, so you might want to remember his name the next time your company sends you for your annual physical.
6:MERC/Bio:After years of eluding capture, Reuban was finally arrested and deported to Romania. He is currently serving six concurrent life sentences for the massacre of his wife and family. Although Reuban will never be able to enjoy life as a free man, he seems to be adjusting well to his new found surroundings. His prison duties include landscaping the grounds and some of his shrub sculptures have won the penitentiary numerous "Good Prisonkeeping" awards.
7:MERC/Bio:After years of trying to convince Pops McGillicutty to retire, A.I.M. was finally forced to institute a mandatory retirement policy for those reaching the age of 85. Wanting to do his part to eliminate river burials, Pops opened a web-based Funeral Salon specializing in the respectful interment of mercenaries.
8:MERC/Bio:One of our more colorful warriors, Tex Colburn, handed in his six-shooters to fulfill his dream of starring on the big screen. As a rising star in Japanese westerns, he played the lead in "Much Dust, Many Bullets," and has received glowing reviews for his roles in the classic films "Attack of the Clydesdales" and "Have Honda, will Travel."
9:MERC/Bio:Hurl, a profitable patient for doctors everywhere, has been missing for the past nine months. A careful search of hospital records and unidentified bodies in the Havana area, his last known whereabouts, has failed to provide any insight. Fidel Dahan has been repeatedly questioned concerning his disappearance, yet police are no further ahead in their investigation.
10:MERC/Bio:Biff Apscott was a truly unique man among mercenary men. He will be greatly missed for his youthful enthusiasm and the way he reminded everyone of just how brave they were. Although somewhat hard to believe, we have been made aware that he has opened up his own mercenary organization in a somewhat pitiful attempt to compete with A.I.M. It's probably not necessary to elaborate on just how worried we are.
11:MERC/Bio:Doctor Leevon, whose medical degree was always the subject of much debate, left this organization at the beginning of the year without notification. Apparently, he has changed his name and embarked on a new career. Doctor Raffiman, and his Cajun-funk band, Rotis & Haggis, have captured the imagination of the music world with the distinctive sound of their synthesized spoons and their current hit, Bajun Bayous.
12:MERC/Bio:While undergoing negotiations for yet another pay increase, Mike suddenly withdrew from the discussions when he was informed that many employers had already complained about his exaggerated rates. His current whereabouts are unknown, just like pretty much everything else about him. The last correspondence received by this office, postmarked in a small country whose name escapes us, contained threats we'd rather not recall.
13:MERC/Bio:While Speck never quite fit in with the mercenary lifestyle, his knack for repairing what was widely believed to be unrepairable made him one of our most sought-after members. That is, perhaps, why his decision to open a competing mercenary agency came as such a surprise to this organization. A.I.M. wishes him the best of luck, as we are all well aware, he will need it.
14:MERC/Bio:Wee Willy, otherwise known as Weasel and Mouthpiece, was primarily engaged by his employers as an inexpensive set of ears to keep tabs on his teammates. And, in a sick sense of justice, Augustin finally received what many felt he had coming. After blowing the whistle on his wife for welfare fraud, she returned to the family home after making bail and almost blew him away, leaving Willy hospitalized with several gunshot wounds.
15:MERC/Bio:Due to persistent personality clashes with Victoria Waters, Lance was asked to resign from A.I.M. in exchange for a posting at Westpoint Military Academy. He accepted, and is currently an instructor of ethics and tactical withdrawal, a subject which he recently published a book on. "Beating a Path to Safety without Screaming," is available at most military college bookstores.
16:MERC/Bio:Doctor Summers was by all accounts a gamer who made himself popular with employers by accepting assignments with newcomers and going about his business in a non-intrusive manner. Although A.I.M. regrets his decision to leave the organization, we are rather pleased to report that the good doctor has turned his favorite hobby into a profession. Currently playing on the Seniors Pro Golf Tour, Eli finished a respectable fourth in the Depends Open at Pebble Beach.
17:MERC/Bio:He's gone. We didn't ask. We don't care. Does anybody?
18:MERC/Bio:Bruce Bonner is gone - way gone! The addition of qualified explosive experts to our roster made a long-overdue decision much easier to make. After a record setting eight probationary periods, Skitz was finally expelled from the organization. Despite intensive therapy and twenty-one electroshock treatments, Skitz remains confined in Saint Michael's Hospital for the Criminally Insane.
19:MERC/Bio:Someone once said that if Wally didn't have bad luck, he wouldn't have any luck at all. After learning that he did indeed have problems with his vision, Wally was scheduled for corrective surgery. The operation should have put his poor marksmanship behind him forever but the laser Yuntz was placed under experienced a programming error. Now totally blind, he and his lead Chippy, serve as Dr. Eli Summers' caddies on the Seniors Pro Golf Tour.
20:MERC/Bio:Perhaps, Turtle's departure is best explained by an excerpt from his letter of resignation: "The pace of combat has become too much for me. I have been forced to run the beat rather than walk it. I have exhausted all avenues and find myself short of alternatives, other than to cough up my resignation effective immediately." Last we heard, Herman was working in Chicago as a probation officer.
21:MERC/Bio:Due to numerous complaints from the organization's atheist members, the combat chaplain position was eliminated from A.I.M., and the preachy Potter, as one of our least utilized members, was eliminated as well. After leaving A.I.M., Reverend Clyde Potter took a position with the Innercity Church of Christ in Baltimore. He currently denies ever having been associated with A.I.M. He returns his pension checks and refuses to take our calls.
22:MERC/Bio:The only female member of the great Roachburn family of warfare, Megan chose to leave the organization last year and move on to the job she always wanted, an honesty shopper for K-Mart. Although she says the job of leaving exact change on the counter to see if the cashier rings in the sale can get a little boring, she'll take working at the mall over the battlefield any day.
23:MERC/Bio:Hired mainly for his brute force, Carl excelled with a crowbar and pleased employers for years with his simple, non-threatening attitude. After leaving A.I.M., Goodman returned to the world of professional wrestling where he claims every move is for keeps and the risk is real. Friends and fans alike can catch him as the Masked Mercenary most Saturday nights on Pay-Per-View's Wrestling Extravaganza.
24:MERC/Bio:Hamous had his first taste of combat in Metavira, and based on a glowing recommendation from a major client, Jack Richards, he was granted an internship with this organization, which recently expired. Regrettably, poor Hamous never did manage to save up enough money to purchase that mini-van he desperately wanted. So he did the next best thing and stole one just outside of Paris. Actually, it was an ice cream truck and he was last seen headed towards Istanbul in it.
25:MERC/Bio:Postie has the distinction of being one of the few mercenaries A.I.M. regrets ever accepting into its membership. With that said, the union's grievance against the postal service finally made it to arbitration, and Postie was returned to active duty. Unsurprisingly, it didn't take long before another incident occurred, and this time even the union was unwilling to assist him. He was last seen looking for mercenary work with organizations far less selective than ours.
26:MERC/Bio:Col. Leon Roachburn, a man who would have never made father of the year, was a responsible soldier and mentor to many of our members. He sustained severe burns this past Christmas eve when his house trailer was engulfed by flames in a sudden grease fire. Unable to return to mercenary work in the foreseeable future, A.I.M. was forced to terminate Col. Roachburn's membership, and despite his disagreement and acerbic comments regarding our decision, we wish him all the best in his future endeavors.
27:MERC/Bio:Roger tried. Boy did he try. But he just seemed to lack the necessary edge. Understandably, some of the guys liked having him along for the laughs while others enjoyed cleaning their rifles with him. But ultimately, he realized he just wasn't cut out for the profession. Last we heard, Dyno was serving as the understudy to the Green Hippo in Animals on Ice.
