What do you want?
What's up, Cap?
Been thinkin' that maybe I should get the heck out of Arulco.
Heck a of country from a bird's eye.
Can't see a use for that, Cap.
You're talkin' to the only guy left in Arulco who can fly an chopper.
Tone her down there, Cap.
Got a problem with bosses, Cap. Only do contract work.
I need help... First aid...
Not lookin' to chew it now, Cap.
Money's always cool, Cap!
You're grounded, Cap, till I see my money.
Skyrider. That's what they call me. Ain't nobody around here that can fly an eggbeater like me.
Sorry about being a little abrupt there. Been hanging low. Queen's looking for me to be part of her air force. Pays dink and the hours are long. Plus I can't stand her...on a personal level.
You get me to my eggbeater in Drassen, Cap, and we might be able to work out some business.
There's my baby. She looks just fine, Cap. We're in business...
Here's the story. I charge by distance and risk. I'll get ya where ever ya want to go as long as I got enough fuel to get my butt back. I do EVACS too.
But I don't do anything in unfriendly zones. I'll drop you off or pick you up as close as possible. It's my policy, think before ya book. Works for me...ya can make it work for you.
I'll be looking to get paid when the trip's over. Ya don't pay me, you're walking around Arulco.
If that's workable for you, Cap, you make contact when you need me. Together we'll fry that broad's butt!
Got a couple of concerns, Cap. The Queen's got SAM sites spread out across the country. We take to the skies, the broad's got the means to blow us the heck out of 'em.
Makes the risk higher, Cap. High risk, big fee. I know she's got a SAM site to the east of Drassen. Takin' it out would lower your costs and... well, help keep my pretty boy butt intact.
Good work, Cap. Taking out the SAM site bought us some room to play.
Skyrider, here. What's your plans for the bird?
Oh, yeah...before we get into that, Cap. I've been asking around...doing some legwork for ya. Managed to get the locations of the rest Sam sites.
There's one slightly south Chitzena, another north-west of Tixa, and she's got one in the capital city of Meduna. Best I can figure that's all of them. No need to thank me. Where is it ya wanted to go?
Hold on, don't tell me, I got something to tell you. Cleaning up Estoni offers us a new option. They got fuel and clearings. No reason we can be using it to refuel. Give us more range...
That's big roger, Cap.
I'll never make it there and back on a tank of fuel, Cap.
Gonna have to abort, Cap. Destination's got unfriendlies. I'll wait for new orders.
