³ Recon Intelligence Services ³
³ "If you don't know where to find us, we don't want your business" ³
² Client Name: ² The Agency ±
² Client No: ² 1344 ±
² Information requested: ² Arulco - geography, history, government, military, background intelligence ±
² Account Status: ² Cash, prepaid in full ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ± ±

² Arulco Facts ² ±
Small third world country. ±
Great variety of terrain and climate, largely determined by altitude. Climate is mostly humid subtropical in coastal areas and forests. ±
1 major city: capital city of Burton (formerly named Meduna). ±
9 towns: remote and mostly rural. ±
2 airports: Burton (jet aircraft capable) and Drassen (light aircraft). ±
2 medical facilities: Burton and Salinas. ±
It is suspected Arulco's economy has experienced huge growth since the discovery of oil.  Most of the country's former reliance on mining of gold and silver has receded due to both politics and the exhaustion of the minerals themselves. ±
Arulco has some light industry, mostly located in town of Doran. ± ±
² Government ² ±
Dictatorship under the guise of a monarchy for the past thirteen years. ±
Ruler: Queen Deidranna Chivaldori (Reitman) ±
Most government services, including education, were terminated over a decade ago. ±
The country also canceled all recreational and social programs, including public health and welfare. It is also suspected death squads regularly operate in the northern towns of Omerta and Drassen. ± ±
² Military ² ±
Substantial armed forces for a country of its size. ±
Two infantry divisions: General Army and Queen's Elite Guard. ±
Queen Deidranna is Supreme Commander of the entire military. The Army and Elite Guard are lead by a general each. Due to rapid turnover, the names of the current generals are not available, however it has been claimed Joseph Papanus is still active. ±
Relatively small air force. ±
Minimal heavy and light armament - have shown to be using more modern small arms than previously recorded. ±
Military forces appear to be designed to shut down internal conflicts and civil unrest, but due to rapid expansion they could pose a threat to surrounding third world nations as well as escalating fighting with bordering Tracona, who they have a history of conflict with.  ±
² Economy ² ±
Arulco has been rich in natural ores, but since the discovery of oil found on the coast, it has seen a rapid growth of the extraction of oil and gas. The country has also attracted offshore industries since being tapped. ±
Mining operations of gold and silver have been ongoing for more than fourteen years, but have slowed or stopped in the past three. Oil extraction has been ongoing, close to three years. ±
Believed to have 3 large oil platforms performing in coastal areas with one central refinery/distribution centre. The country also has a number of exploratory sites for further oil wells. Former gold and silver mines still operate in Drassen and Alma, but in a more limited capacity. ±
Rate of oil extraction and exportation has been astronomical. ±
The imposed switch from a self-sufficient agricultural economy to one dominated by mining natural resources has dramatically reduced the per capita income of the past. The figures suggest huge amounts of money is flowing out of the country while locals see very little of it. ±
Much of the country's wealth has been spent on private consumption for those in power and the growing estates and towns in the south. The remainder of the national budget is allocated to supplying the military with more foreign expertise and equipment. ±
The majority of the population is, in fact, destitute with little or no work available outside of the mines and a dwindling farming community that has seen land grabs and soil contamination from bigger industries preventing sustainability. ±

² History ² ±
Arulco's previous government was considered a unique Democratic Monarchy. Although ruled by a King and Queen, free elections were held every ten years to assert their legitimacy. ± 
Only two different Arulco families have ever been considered worthy of power. The Chivaldori and Cordona families. ± 
The Chivaldori family ruled Arulco for over 120 years with the exception of 1938-1948, when Pepe Cordona was elected king. The Cordona family was considered to have the extra fortitude during the difficult times of WWII. ± 
But the Chivaldori clan regained power once the world was at peace again. The Cordona family returned to Omerta somewhat bitter but continued to campaign peacefully to be reinstated at a future election. ± ± 
Andreas Chivaldori governed until 1988.  The King's health, and the discovery of gold and silver in the countryside, all pushed Andreas to cede the throne to his only son, Enrico. The election in 1988, however, was expected to be close with Enrico facing a popular opponent in Miguel Cordona.
Enrico would benefit from the positive influence on the election, by having a royal wedding. An international search brought Deidranna Reitman of Romanian ancestory to the country. And it is here that Arulco's history took a descent into turmoil. ±

Deidranna Reitman's background still remains a mystery, with little known associates, family or friends willing to talk who have managed to survive during her influential years. ±
Within a year of Enrico marrying and being elected King, his father, died under suspicious circumstances. The autopsy established poisoning and evidence doctored by Deidranna resulted in the imprisonment of Enrico for the murder of his father. But before he could be tried, the infamous courthouse fire bombing
took place, killing five men. Palace officials layed blame on Miguel's rebel forces, who were attempting to conceal their involvement in the murder of Andreas Chivaldori. ±
² Intelligence ² ±
Sources claim that the guards had been ordered to turn Enrico over to the rebel camp in Omerta, rather than the courthouse. Deidranna believed Miguel Cordona would kill Enrico eliminating 'this enemy of Arulco' and the only remanents of the Chivaldori family, but misjudged Cordona's character. ±
Five severely charred bodies were found in front of the courthouse, two of which were identified as members of the escort team. This evidence suggested Enrico was one of the other three unidentified bodies. But in fact, this was not the case. ±
With Enrico seemingly dead and Cordona ousted as a blood-thirsty warlord, Queen Deidranna began nine years of rule that pushed the country to the brink. It suffered greatly under her and reports of exploitation, cruelty, and genocide have been confirmed since. ±
Among the list of the Queen's victims included all members of the judicial system. The rule of law had become the rule of the Queen and that was the law of death. In 1998 she cancelled the forthcoming election and declared herself ruler for life. ± ± 
² The Mercenary Revolution ² ±
Unbeknown to others, Enrico had fled certain death in Arulco,  and began to fund a privately financed task force from overseas. This team eventually joined with Miguel Cordona's rebel force and moved from small-scale skirmishes to a larger locally supported campaign. ±
With the forceful acquisition of mines in the country this team grew to a nationwide revolution, which reportedly resulted in toppling the Queen from the throne but not the entire eradication of other warlords and criminals within the region. ±
Miguel Cordona was shortly instated after new elections, but the tumultous nature of the revolution and the interests of outside influences and industries that had entered the country during this time resulted in a general mistrust by the people to those in power. ±
This mistrust heightened when the powerful Hale and Burton energy corporation clashed with Cordona and made him an international political target, where he was painted as renegging his agreement on free-trade treaties with the US. Legal action followed and dogged Cordona's resources and his ability to control the largely remote towns of Arulco. Criminals and Warlords took
this opportunity to seize districts and soon towns fell like dominoes from Cordona's grip. It has also been noted that some of the original mercernaries posted to fight for Cordona's cause were bought out and worked against him. The A.I.M. training base at Alma was reclaimed by the Arulco defense force, but A.I.M. remained at their other camp, just south of Omerta. ± ±
² Recent Activity ² ±
As the unsettled country seemed to sink further into anarchy, between battles of waging warlords and bickering politics, one of the largest fears of Arulco's people reappeared in the shape of Queen Diedranna. Despite testimonies of senior A.I.M. staff and claims of her death, Deidranna spearheaded a revitalized army promising death to all conspirators against her. ±
As a warning to those who dared opposed her, the A.I.M. base near Omerta was levelled, and death squads rode into the town itself. Only a handful of survivors managed to flee to the mountains of the North, and A.I.M. reported loss of contact with operatives still in-counrtry. The whereabouts of these mercs are unknown as is whether Enrico Chivaldori or Miguel Cardona are still alive. ± ± ± ± ±

Here at RECON INTELLIGENCE SERVICES, we hope you are satisfied with our search results. We wish to remind you that we consider our relationship an ongoing one. If any new information becomes available, we will be more than happy to forward it to you free of charge. ±
Should you have any other inquiries, feel free to contact us at any time. We would be pleased to extend our services to you once again. ±
Thank you for your patronage, ± ±
R.I.S. ±
-- End of transmission -- ±
