Enemy presence.
Bear down for action.
Gotta find a way out of this.
Another elephant bug, sir.
I have to confess, this is a new type of warfare for me, sir.
We're going to have to do something about those things.
Pay attention! I heard movement.
I smell the elephant bugs.
I have an uneasy feeling, sir.
Got bad vibes. Has the look of an elephant bug habitat.
These sci-fi bugs are determined to get me.
Item.
Located something.
Ammo required.
Bleeding profusely... I require... urgent treatment.
I've been through many battles with Vicki. This is indeed hard to accept. She even went out of her way to get me parts for my car... at a substantial discount.

Dr. Q. has left us. He was an exceptional man with a first name no one could pronounce. His presence shall remain in each of us.
Require assistance, sir.
Weapon's jammed.
Under suppression fire!
I'm gettin' a little too old for this.
Got lucky.
I haven't got a clean line.
I'm wounded.
I will require shut-eye, sir.
My age, it's taking its toll.
That's better!
One less!


Anybody who cuts their hair like Numb is a renegade. He's got 'bad attitude' written right across his scalp and hanging from his ear. I don't like it one bit.
He's no longer the legend he once was.
No matter how many times you see it, it still makes an impression.

Available for reassignment.
I won't do that, sir.
Most satisfying.
I hope it's incapable of giving birth after it's dead. I mean...it's not like one can acquire that kind of info anywhere, sir.
Quite the piece of personality.
I've had a long career, but this truly feels like my longest assignment.
Quite the band of professionals you've managed to assemble, sir.
Heads up!
No offense intended, sir, but the Army wouldn't pass out this kind of inferior equipment to the new recruits at boot camp.

There are some here, sir, that could learn a thing or two about treating a lady with respect.
This old dog learned a trick.
No offense but have you thought this one out to its conclusion, sir?
Quite expected, sir.


Good to have you around, Vicki.

Dr. Q. never fails to impress.
I'd like to shelve that proposition for a little while, if that's all right with you, sir.
Mike signed up with the wrong side.
I'm lacking visuals, sir.
I'm wasting my time, sir.
A rather friendly people, wouldn't you say...
Should exercise extreme caution. We have a confirmed enemy presence, sir.
We have unaccounted for stragglers. We should proceed with caution, sir.

A good weapon can save your life, sir.
Do believe we've located the AWOL boy, sir.
We'll do our best to stop her. You can count on it.
Enemy presence terminated, sir.
Our order has not been properly filled, sir.
That was extremely gratifying.
Feline, sir.
I guess I thought I was getting too old for this, but each time I win one, it reminds me of why I joined A.I.M. way back when - for the chance to make a difference in the lives of others. And we did, sir.
They left, sir. The odds left them no choice.
My performance is slipping. I'll get some sleep.
Refreshed and back to work, sir.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
No offense, sir, but this has seen better days. It's inoperable.
Not a good idea. Looks hazardous, sir.
The ground looks highly irregular there, sir.
I'll try... to stay <glub>... afloat... sir.
Excursion complete, sir. Awaiting further orders.

I'll pass on the opportunity. The word about you is not good, sir.
My age, my experience, and my standing allow me to be choosy. Your attrition rate is simply unacceptable.
Sorry, but there's some outstanding issues that I have to deal with. Just downright poor timing, sir.
I promised the wife I'd spend some time with her. Confirmed it just a couple of hours ago in the letter I sent her. Sorry.
Corporal Len Anderson is indisposed momentarily. If you would like me to call you back, please leave a message. Thank you!
I wish you and the team the best, sir.


I've already spent enough time in Arulco with Numb. We'll just leave it at that.
Would this be a convenient time to discuss your intentions? You do realize my contract will be ending shortly.
Fits into my plans perfectly, sir.
Consider me a part of the team.
Not that your leadership isn't without its problems, however, working with Vicki does allow me to cut you some slack.

In the short time I've known Dr. Q. he has proven himself to be an exceptional soldier and a master of medicine. It would be a pleasure to work with him again.
Each day working for you feels like a lifetime. It suffices to say, I'm anxious to get out of here.
I repeat...
I would appreciate it if you check your funds before offering me employment. I can't describe the let down of thinking I've got a job, and then finding out there's no money to pay me.
A change of plans, sir? I understand.
My age, my experience, and my standing allow me to be choosy. Your attrition rate is simply unacceptable.


I've already spent enough time in Arulco with Numb. We'll just leave it at that.
Not that your leadership isn't without its problems, however, working with Vicki does allow me to cut you some slack.

In the short time I've known Dr. Q. he has proven himself to be an exceptional soldier and a master of medicine. It would be a pleasure to work with him again.
I repeat...
I would appreciate it if you check your funds before offering me employment. I can't describe the let down of thinking I've got a job, and then finding out there's no money to pay me.
Corporal Len Anderson at your disposal.
I'm in great health for a man with my experience.
I am expecting other calls.
And the time frame would be what exactly, sir?
Sorry, but that's all the time I could spare. Goodbye.


My tour of duty draws to a close, sir.
Respectfully, the more talent I have, the more I am worth, sir. A higher fee for my services is indeed warranted.
