Squaddie.
Break's over!
Time to get tough.
Prehistoric ant!
Bloody Creepers! Reminds me of me ex-wife's lawyer.
They sure keep themselves busy.
Heard a strange noise.
<sniff Man-o-man! Got some prehistoric gas comin' out of 'em.
Should tread carefully around here.
Wish they'd just show their ugly heads so we could get this started.
If I could find their neck, I'd snap it!
There's something.
Could be of use.
More lead'd be good.
I'm passed saving. Ugh... Let me die. At least I know my ex-wives will have to find work.
If they can get Mike... Anyone of us could be next!


Feeling tuned out. What's up again?
My piece crapped out.
They got me in their sights.
One of these days, it's a new line of work for me.
Good try, cadet!
Hardly anything to get a fix on!
I'm bleedin' steady.
<yawn It's time to talk to the sandman.
Chest's... crampin'.
Hope it hurt!
Gotcha!
Kaboom's a menace. I don't know how many times he's nearly blown me up. I'll be sure not to miss!


He was my best friend.
Doubt I'll find an ear to collect...

I'm free.
Not bloody likely.
Usually, I'm attracted to a woman like that... maybe I've finally gotten over it.
Thank God! The next job with bugs I pass on.
Bet mom was a prostitute and dad stiffed her.
What was I thinking when I signed on?
I'm working with a good bunch of mates.
Take cover, mates.
The stuff I've been getting to use is decaying. It was probably poorly stored somewhere for years.
It's good to get away once in awhile and meet some new mates.
La-di-da twits can take their manners and nose-in-the-air attitude and stick it up their starched white shirt-tails.
I get off on it.
Was it a late night, mate?
Reality bites, doesn't it?
Stand back! It looks like Marty Moffat.

Mike's top dog!


Hang on to that thought, mate.
Ah, please... let it not be Mike.
Got some of the bloody bug juice right in me eyes. Now...I can't see f-all!
Did what I could.
Someone I'd split a pint with.
It's an unfriendly sector, mate.
Still got unfriendlies hidin' somewhere, mate.

Firepower, mate! Separates the men from the boys!
It's that urchin Graham. We should bag him and send him home to his mum.
She won't get far with that, seeing that we're here. Have confidence, Miguel. She'll be the one with the worries now.
Squad down! Better luck next time!
I don't want to point any fingers, mate, but someone's had their hand in the cookie jar.
If you get my drift, this was a right good thing we'd done here. Haven't got the time or money to put 'em all through therapy.
Zoo's out, mate!
Sure, there were ups and downs, but all in all, it was a great job. Good to be a part, mate.
Look at that, will ya? They put their tails in their arse and ran away.
I'll just get me a bit of slumber, and I'll be right better at this.
Catnap does the trick. I'm back at her, mate.
My thoughts exactly.
Damn. Perhaps I should have looked after this more carefully.
This bugger's set to blow.
Looks like they've laid out a welcome mat for us.
Don't let my body... stay in the water for...long. Don't want any of me eight kids... to see my bloated body.
Had a good trek, mate. What ya be looking for me to do now?

Word's filtered back, mate. You ain't the type of boss I'm looking for. Maybe some of the new, more desperate guys can help you out.
Not bloody likely. You've built up quite a collection of rotting corpses, mate. I've got eight kids to think of, and none of their moms work.
I can't commit to anything right now, mate. Waitin' on a call back from another war that's about to explode.
Sorry, mate, but while you were deciding what you wanted to do with me, I signed on for something else.
You've reached the home of Robert James Sullivan. If you're calling about hiring one of the best mercenaries in the business, leave a message.
It's quite the country, mate. Glad I could be of help.
Kaboom needs help tying his freakin' shoes. And you actually expect me to work with him? You must be crazier than he is!


Tick-tock, tick-tock... You got some decisions to make, mate. I can't hang around without a contract.
All right, mate. It's back to business.
Sure... I could use some time away from here.



Not bloody likely, mate. I'd rather have root canals done on all of me teeth.
No problem, mate. I said...
Tough luck. Would have liked to help you out, but I got to get paid, mate.
I was kinda hoping to spend a little more time down here, but you're in charge, mate.
Not bloody likely. You've built up quite a collection of rotting corpses, mate. I've got eight kids to think of, and none of their moms work.
Everything was cool until you went and hired Kaboom. I can't stay on with you as long as he's on your team. He's got soup for brains... He needs help using a fork!





No problem, mate. I said...
Tough luck. Would have liked to help you out, but I got to get paid, mate.
Robert James Sullivan is not here at the moment... oh, sorry, mate... I thought it was someone else. Scully here.
I ask one thing, mate. Don't let my problems with women get you questioning my loyalty, because THAT you can bank on. I'm just a really... sociable guy.
I got a bit of time, mate.
Surely, mate, you'll want to consider the massive savings on a steady gig.
I don't have this much time, mate. Nobody does! Gotta go.
Allow me to give you a tip. You never want to be anywhere near Kaboom when he's cleaning his gun.

Clock's moving, mate. This gig's coming to a close.
Ching-ching! Hey, mate, I reckon that someone with my talent deserves a bit of a raise. Not that I'll actually see any of it, mind you, not with the child support payments I've got to make.
