Sighting.
Here we go. Time to lock and load.
I have a serious situation here!
Shrimp!
Good lord! Talk about your jumbo shrimp!
Those shrimp have been here.
Someone or something just made a noise.
<sniff> I'd recognize that smell anywhere: really old shrimp.
I don't like this. It's the calm before the storm.
Something tells me there's shrimp on the menu.
Who the hell ordered the shrimp?
Is that something valuable?
Might be usable.
Gun's out of ammo.
I'm down for the count.
Charlene... I'm so sorry, baby. I'm so sorry... don't think her insurance covered acts of war.


What was I doin'?
Gun jam!
Feels like I'm being ganged-up on!
Ooh, that stings.
Woah, thought my number was up.
Can't recommend it, not without magic bullets.
I'm bleeding.
Doubt I can take another step 'til I get some sleep.
I'm winded.
Snuffed one.
That shrimp's sliced and diced.


Frank Hennessy's cruisin' for a bruisin' if he doesn't learn to keep his hands to his own damn self.
The invincible Mike wasn't so invincible after all!
When I see something like that, I begin to think L.A. wasn't all that bad.

I'm available.
I ain't taking those kind of orders.
She was beggin' for it.
Hasta la vista, Momma.
That pig's got the brains of a soap dish.
Jackass doesn't have the brains to put me in charge. It can only go downhill from here.
It's like they picked out every screwed-up merc in the business, and then added me so they'd have a token competent guy.
Fighters overhead!
We should give this stinkin' equipment to the enemy. Then we'd have the advantage.
Everyone on this squad has SOMEthing to learn. But they're not paying enough attention to me.

I use every opportunity to learn.
That plan's got a hole you could drive a truck through.
I would never have concocted such an ill-conceived plan.


Raven's the best. I'd rather have her in my court than anyone else.


Whaddaya say we put that off 'til we see how things shake out?
Holy cow, it's Mike! I hadn't counted on this!
Vision's impaired! Eyes are hurtin' bad.
Nobody on the planet can do this!
The people here are a lot easier going than in L.A.
The sector has felons.
Be cautious! We have unfinished business lurking in this sector.

Superior craftsmanship always gives my weapon the final word.
Looks like the kid we're supposed to be watching out for.
The situation calls for extreme measures, and we're the extreme answer, Miguel. Good to be on board.
Every felon on this block has been dealt with. We can move out.
If the guy who rifled through this was here, I'd shoot his kneecaps out. Stuff's missing.
He had it coming. Pretty much hung out a sign: Shoot me.
Serious cat sighted.
Solid leadership makes a solid team. A solid team can get through anything. We just proved it.
Whadda surprise. They ran for the hills. We can breathe easy for a bit.
I'm feeling incompetent. I'll take a quick nap and get back on the job.
Picking up where I left off.
Make that another.
Poor craftsmanship in action. Buy American, that's what I always say.
We'll need a plan to deal with this. It's hot!
Easy. Looks like somebody has rearranged the ground cover.
Wish I had my... my floaters.
I'm at the scene. Need a plan.

I insist on strong, competent leadership. I'm not confident that I'd get that with you.
You leave too many bodies behind. I'm not going to be one of them.
Would if I could, but I can't. I've got a bowling tournament coming up.
Can't. I'm running a training session for the National Guard. Next time, don't wait 'til the last minute.
This is Ron Higgens. I'll be out of the office all day today, but if you leave a message at the end of this recording, I'll be happy to return your call.
I guess we're done here. Best of luck to you in the future.


Can't help you. I've had some personal disagreements with Hitman. Until we've got it settled, I'd just as soon not put my life in his hands.
I'm up for renewal. Wanna work out an extension?
Great. Glad to know it's working out.
Excellent. I'll be there as soon as possible.
Raven and I complement each other perfectly. Where she goes, I'll gladly go as well.


After that last stint, I wouldn't work with you again for ten times the money.
I'll repeat it in English. I said...
The spirit's willing, but your wallet is weak.
I won't try to change your mind, but I think the problem is probably with YOU, not with ME.
You leave too many bodies behind. I'm not going to be one of them.


Can't help you. I've had some personal disagreements with Hitman. Until we've got it settled, I'd just as soon not put my life in his hands.
Raven and I complement each other perfectly. Where she goes, I'll gladly go as well.


I'll repeat it in English. I said...
The spirit's willing, but your wallet is weak.
Y'ello.
I prefer to work with Raven whenever possible. Just so you know.
What are we waitin' for?
Daily? Longer? What're we talking about?
Just call me whenever you get it together. I've got things to do.


Just wanted to mention that this contract ends soon.
My improved abilities have given me the opportunity to increase my fees. I'm certain that I merit it.
