Oh, 'ere we go, we got a cut lunch commando!
'Ere! Time to give these fruit loops the flick!
Ahhh, looks like every idiot with an AK is turning up here.
Don't go much on yours, mate.
Who invited the Tasmanians to the party?
Check this out.
Yeah, I heard it too.
Okay, who dropped their guts?
Keep your noodle on, feel like any of us could come a gutser down here.
You reckon we shouldn't put down some insecticide, just to make sure?
Ohh! This place is going off!
Eh, take a squiz at this.
Have a Captain Cook.
Cover me, I'm, I'm reloading!
Ah, Oh no, I don't want to cark it, not here.
Arhh that sheila Raven's kicked the bucket? I was working on getting her to break out her handcuffs on me one of these nights.

Ah Miguel! Miguel's died in a river of blood. Oh it's shocking, what a way to go!
 
Ah fuck! It's routed!
Well I'll be stuffed! They're chucking everything they've got at old Babyface!
Ah no, my legs looking more like a meat tray at an RSL raffle!
Christ! Good job I don't have hair anymore, otherwise I'd have a parting right down the middle after that shot!
Mate, I've got more chance of marrying Jennifer Hawkins than hitting that target.
Ohhurrgh *coff* I gotta muster up some bandages.
Errrr any chance of a rest, chief? Me feet, me feet are killing me here.
*Gasp, Gasp* ...I've overdone it a bit.
Heh heh heh. Well, that's one more for me, how many you got?
Well, you can scratch one more bloodsucking bug from the slate. Wish we could wipe out the mossies just as quickly, aye!




Ooohargh! That's gonna sting in the morning, aye fellahs, AYE!
 
All done and dusted, mate.
Pigs Arse!
Up ya bum!
Check this out, I ought to be advertising Mortein after this.
Why is it I'm always lumbered with drongos?
Whatever you say, dipstick.
Ah yeah, I've had better assignments, had worse too. Christ, if you want to yabber about shitholes, you ought to visit Footscray!

Heh heeey! You're really pushing the boat out with this stuff, aint ya.
Deadset, I've seen less pompous organisation at a Wog's wedding.
 
Just have a look at me! How good am I!?! Heh heh ha!
You think we're gonna just ride outta here after all this? Be lucky to ride a bloody wheelchair if you keep this up.
I'll be lucky to get out of here with me nuts intact at this rate!


That Sheila, Raven yeah, ...sure knows how to shoot straight, well, for a Jack anyway.

Miguel seems like a real champion. We'll be having a few beers and laughing about all of this in no time.
Fair Go!
The way I've seen this set up go you're bloody doin' me a favour, yeah. I'll be thinking of you when I get me massage and sink some coldies!
Someone gimme a hand, I can't see a bloody thing!
Mate, I've got Buckley's chance of getting this done.
Yeah, this one 'ere's a straight-shooter.
Time to hook in, fellah's, a fight down 'ere's a goer!
I dunno about you, but I reckon there's a couple more Mango's hangin' around here.
Ah noice! This thing shines like a diamond compared to the usual shit lying around here.
Pigs Arse!
Who's, uh, this sprog then?
Fair Dinkum? Well, I'll think I'll go for some R&R for a few beers and catch up on the footy.
Well uh, that's another bunch of bloody idiots dealt with, reckon we might give 'em a head start next time aye? heh aye! heh.
Err, wasn't this order bigger than this? Bloody theives everywhere today, what a disgrace.
One less deadshit. Maybe this town'll harden the fuck up after seein' how we deal with bloody traitors.
Errr, that's a big fuckin moggie!
Cheers champ, we didn't start this but we got if finished! Time to crack open some tinnies and bring in the strippers! Your shout champ!
Sweet as! The last of 'em have gone! Time for a cold one.


Bloody oath!
Strewth, if I knew supplies were this shithouse, I'd would have brought more of my own!
Urh, hold up! ...some idiot's been playing around here.
Stop! One of these pricks has left us a little pressie in the ground.

Well ah, I've rocked up here, what's the plan?
