Ah, something to shoot.
Mmm, time to die.
I can see the enemy.



Aha, I heard a noise.




Is that necessary?
Ah, more leftovers for the taking.
I need more bullets.
This wound looks serious.
Now all of you are corpses. Simon Grandee has said this.
The best always die.
Richards will be upset very much.
No, empty.
My gun is jammed.
You need more practice, let me show you. 

Ah, they've came up close.
Why don't you shoot there yourself.
I'm looking for some bandages.
It is time to rest.
I cannot move.
The target is down.





It is better to say nothing...

Mission accomplished.



What a disgusting jerk!
Management beyond the bounds of idiocy.
I am used to working alone
Get down!

I don't like to chat.
Are you deaf? I said I don't like to chat.
Excellent.





Aha, a fellow professional.
Finally he has learned something.



Impossible.
Not bad.
We are not alone here.
The job has not been done yet.

Disarmed.

Idiotic decision.
That was the last one, time to clean my gun.


Cats meat!
I knew that I would stay alive, but here is what surprises me. How could the rest survive such a massacre? Personaly, I'm taking a half-year sabbatical.
The enemy has slipped away.


I agree.
I should throw away all this rattling junk.
I think a specialist is needed here.
Danger! We have mines.
I... gasp... can't catch my breath...
I am on site.


You are trying my patience, I think it is time for you to go!
I will not be staying. Look around you, look at your team. Don't you even notice? Thing's like this that show you are not professional!

You know why you have called me. Leave your tactical requirements and contact details after this message.
Mm-Hm. If you do not need my help, pass it on to command that I will return to the mainland as soon as I can.
But you have that Biff Apscott on your team. I dont' work with incompetent people.



Good decision. I agree.
Excellent. Let's get down to business.




Did you not hear me the first time?

You manage time poorly. I suggest getting an assistant when it comes to renewing contracts in the field.
Did you not hear me the first time? Your mortality rate makes me think you should look elsewhere for an operative.
Are you still here?!? I've dealt with amatuers only once, and it's worth than dealing with fools!


I am going to be honest with you. If it was not for Stephen Rothman, I would not even be talking to you. But because of his assurances, I will agree to this contract.
Your reputation is, how shall we say...not exactly glowing. But seeing as you already have Magic signed, you can count on me.


I hope you control your team, better than you control your finances.
Yes, I am Simon Grandee, the sniper from the 'Burglars group.'
It seems to me that you have more important matters to attend to than chatting.
This 'productive' conversation is tiring me.
How long is this sanction contracted for? I prefer to use my own tools, at a fee of course.
Get lost quickly and try not to cross me ever again!


Thank you, but I already have all I need. I am very sorry.
Time waits for no man, and neither does inflation. You'll need a little extra if you still want me on your team. 
