Help!!!
I am sorry, but once again I must beg for your services. Arulco has come under a new threat. Yesterday, Tixa was destroyed by a missile attack. It was most fortunate that the prison is not being used, and only a few people were injured. ±
Hours later, I received a call from the Ricci Mining and Exploration Corporation. They are the company that depleted Arulco's mines for the benefit of Deidranna. They are a company famous for depleting the resources of most of the countries in this part of the world. ±
They are also known for corruption, manipulating local politics, and hiring mercenaries to protect their operations. This time, it seems, they have set up a base in Tracona, the country directly north of Arulco. It would be easy for them to do. Tracona is run by its military. ±
I have a contact in the country who has confirmed that a missile facility was built. Ricci Mining wants immediate access to Arulco's mines or they will begin to destroy other towns. They promise it will rain missiles unless they are allowed back into my country. ±
I have no army, and my people are tired and weary of war. I do not want a conflict with Tracona, but the missiles facility must be destroyed. This threat against my country must be removed, and I can think of no better person for the job than you. ±
I have made arrangements to transport a team of up to six mercenaries into the country by helicopter. An amount, which I believe should cover your fees, has been deposited in the same bank account as usual. I will stay in contact. ±
Best of luck, my friend. ± ± Enrico Chivaldori ±
Inquiry
I have not heard from the pilot, Capt. Jerry Melo. I hope everything is all right. I expected him to be back by now, but still no word. Please advise. ± ± Enrico Chivaldori
Still No Word
I have not heard from you since you left Arulco and the pilot has not yet returned. Please advise. Have you landed in Tracona? The fate of my country is in your hands. I must know of your progress. There are some who believe you have fled with our money. ±
I have assured them that this is not the case, yet I am still very troubled by this lack of news. ± ± I hope everything is all right.  ± Enrico Chivaldori
I have heard the Good News.
Word has come from Omerta that you are in Tracona and have met Manuel. He is a good man. He has devoted his life, even abandoning his family, for the people of Arulco. Yet, I am still concerned. Why you have not contacted me since your arrival. Are you facing more resistance than anticipated? ±
I have also learned that Manuel is aiding you with your mission. I do not know how much help he will be, however his loyalty is without question and his determination has made him a hero to our country. He is a man you can place your faith in. ±
I will end this letter by saying that I am happy that you are indeed in Tracona, and once again on your way to liberating my people from those that wish us harm.  ± ± Good Luck. ± Enrico Chivaldori
Hello Old Friend.
I sorry I be late in sending message to you. Enrico tell me there be problem making contact with you. I want to wish you luck. I most grateful that you be helping us. You be one with skill to make dream of my country real. ±
I sleep good knowing you take care of business. ± Thank you again and again, ± ± Miguel Cordona ±
Concerned.
It is true that I do not know when an attack will be launched on my country, yet I worry with each hour that passes that we are getting closer to total destruction. I beg you to end this threat quickly. ± ± Enrico Chivaldori ±
Urgent
The Ricci Company is becoming more threatening. They know you are in the country, and blame Arulco for your visit. You must move quicker. I fear they will launch the missiles soon to teach us, and other neighboring countries, a terrible lesson. ±
I know it is not easy, but you must find a way to bring this matter to an end. ± ± I beg of you, ± Enrico Chivaldori
I Sorry.
It be with sadness that I not show myself to be leader. I not well. Enrico has taken over my duties. I will know more of my condition in days to come. I want you to know I wish I be with you fighting for what is very important. ±
When I better, I go to Tracona and help you with struggle. I would like this very much. ± ± Thank you, again and again, ± Miguel Cordona
I Sorry.
It be with sadness that I not show myself to be leader. I not well. Enrico has taken over my duties. I will know more of my condition in days to come. I want you to know I wish I be with you fighting for what is very important. ±
I be told good friend Manuel be part of team. He be special man. No man has taken chance for Arulco like Manuel. He know danger for his life before he go to army. It must be very hard to live with enemy every day of life knowing if they find truth, they kill you. ±
I will know what be wrong with me soon. When I better, I go to Tracona and help you with struggle. I would like this very much. ± ± Thank you, again and again, ± Miguel Cordona
News be no good.
I have talk with doctor. The news be no good. They tell me I have short time to live. I will not get better. I am try very hard to understand what they say to me, but it no be easy. It be strange that a man like me face bullets and bombs, but get sick from cigarettes. ±
There be nothing to be done. God and time will change this. I ask you make Arulco safe soon, so I be sure my country be free from danger. ± ± Miguel Cordona
Now I Understand
I received your mail. I am sorry for the problems the pilot caused you. I realize no communication to the outside must have made things difficult. He was the only pilot I could find quickly. He was not from Arulco. He was not cheap, either. And, he still has not been seen by anyone. ±
I trust this letter finds you safe and in control of your fate. ± ± Yours truly, ± Enrico Chivaldori
Now I Understand
I receive your mail. I am sorry for the problems the pilot caused you. I realize no communication to the outside must have made things difficult. He was the only pilot I could find quickly. He was not from Arulco. He was not cheap, either. And, he still has not been seen by anyone. ±
I wish to compensate you for the extra difficulties you have faced because of his incompetence. I have made another deposit in your account. I hope it is sufficient. At least your team suffered no casualties in the crash. ±
I trust this letter finds you safe and in control of your fate. ± ± Yours truly, ± Enrico Chivaldori
Pilot Found
I do not know how this will make you feel, but a pair of eyeglasses similar to the ones the pilot wore were found in a bloodcat den. They were found next to a pile of bones and a small quantity of narcotics. ± ± Enrico Chivaldori ±
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
Miguel Cordona has been told of your achievements. He is very weak. It is most likely that he will not survive the night. However, he did manage a smile, and appears very much at peace. Like you, he will find his rightful place in the history of my country. ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
Miguel Cordona has been told of your achievements. He is very weak. It is most likely that he will not survive the night. However, he did manage a smile, and appears very much at peace. Like you, he will find his rightful place in the history of my country. ±
The passing of Manuel was left a dark memory over the town of Omerta. However, Fatima is a strong woman. She understands the need to sacrifice for greater good and has done so many times in the past. I am sorry for Pacos, but he shall grow up to be the son of a hero. ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
Miguel Cordona has been told of your achievements. He is very weak. It is most likely that he will not survive the night. However, he did manage a smile, and appears very much at peace. Like you, he will find his rightful place in the history of my country. ±
I have spoken with Fatima recently. She eagerly awaits the return of her husband, Manuel. He, like you, has come to the aid of Arulco on two separate occasions. Men such as this are rare indeed. ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
The passing of Manuel was left a dark memory over the town of Omerta. However, Fatima is a strong woman. She understands the need to sacrifice for greater good and has done so many times in the past. I am sorry for Pacos, but he shall grow up to be the son of a hero. ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
CONGRATULATIONS
Once again, the country of Arulco, my country, owes its survival to you. You have proven time and again that your experience and commitment can make a difference to those unable to defend themselves. My people are grateful for the existence of soldiers like you. ±
I have spoken with Fatima recently. She eagerly awaits the return of her husband, Manuel. He, like you, has come to the aid of Arulco on two separate occasions. Men such as this are rare indeed.  ±
Many of the countries in this part of the world have also expressed their relief over the destruction of the missile facility. We all have no doubt that nothing good was to come from these rockets. Ricci Mining and Exploration would have only held them over our heads like a dark cloud. ±
Again, I offer my deepest thanks for your brave efforts. I hope you do not take it personal when I tell you that I do not wish to need you again. ± ± My extreme gratitude, ± Enrico Chivaldori
A Special Offer from A.I.M.
± Dear valued client, ± ± Due to recent changes in the market place, A.I.M. has decided to reward its past clients with a unique offer. Unlike certain competitors, which offer low-end talent for low prices, we are introducing a totally new concept. ±
Our entire roster - every truly-gifted member - is now available for a limited time for the duration of an entire mission for one simple payment. That's right! You can have the services of any of our mercenaries until the job is done, simply by paying a single fee in advance. ±
And, as if that wasn't enough, as part of the same promotion A.I.M. is currently throwing in, at no extra charge, each mercenary's personal equipment. You read that correctly! One single charge covers the mercenary and their starting equipment for the duration of the mission! ±
I urge you to visit A.I.M.'s official web site now and take advantage of this incredible offer before time runs out. It's simply too good to pass on.
Yours truly, ± ± Howard "Carp" Melfield ± Marketing Manager ± Association of International Mercenaries ±
N.B. Offer applies to former clients only. ± Void in countries where prohibited. ± Cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotions. ± Mercenaries engagements are offered on a first come - first served basis.
I am expected to have dinner tonight with Manuel and Fatima at their home in Omerta. I am hoping their son, Pacos, will be in bed. He is a very busy boy. I am sure the subject of our conversation will be you. Many toasts will be raised in your honor at special dinners across the whole country.
We Know What You Need.
² ³ *** TO KNOW YOURSELF *** ³ ³ To understand your character, abilities and talents,  ³ ³ and to benefit from the knowledge of your limitations.  ³
² ³ Discover who really are, ³ ³ and make it work for you now. ³ ³ All you have to do is visit us at : ³
² ³ I.M.P. ³ ³ The Institute for Mercenary Profiling ³ ³ http://www.I.M.P.com ³ ± ³ We're only a CLICK away... ³
Our Institute has been profiling mercenaries and accurately interpreting the results for over five years. We have serviced the needs of domestic and foreign military services, Fortune 500 companies, and rag-tag tribal warriors. We know, what you need to know. ±
And what you need to know is how to stay alive. By applying our time-tested methods, you'll learn to understand yourself like you understand your weapon; the strengths and the weaknesses, when to go the extreme, and when to take cover. It's simple, proven, and affordable. ±
For over half a decade, we've learned from your feedback and have updated our process with the very latest scientifically-based profiling methods. We've streamlined our testing by eliminating all the long forms to fill out and the intrusive questioning. ±
We've made our service as painless as changing your regulation boxers, while improving the focus and depth of our analysis. Your career is a matter of life and death - use our updated techniques to get the job done safely. For a small fee, we've brought over 80% of our clients home alive. ±
² Your Private Activation Code is: GP97SL ² ± ± This code has been pre-selected for you. It can be used by you, and only you. This extra measure of security has been implemented for your personal protection. ±
Law Enforcement Agencies are requested to note that this is for ENTERTAINMENT purposes only, and IMP does not supply actual mercenaries, nor engage in any illegal activities. ±
An Important Reminder from IMP.
Our automated tracking system has alerted us to the fact you have not visited our site and taken advantage of our services. Your personal activation code, GP97SL, will be expire shortly. We urge you to visit us now, and discover the tremendous opportunity that awaits. ±
At IMP, the Institute for Mercenary Profiling, we've already diagnosed that you're skeptical of opportunities that sound too good to be true. You're leery of the unknown, yet so eager for action that you fail to properly evaluate the details that could save your life. ±
You are, as we all ready know, the ideal person to benefit from our services. For the small fee of $3000, we can tell you a lot more about yourself if you'll only take a couple of moments of your time and visit us. ±
VISIT US NOW! ± ± You'll be grateful you did. ± And we'll already be on the road to helping you. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Barry Unger
Hello. This is an electronically mailed display message from Barry Unger in response to your response to my telephone response mechanism. ± ± I have currently returned and am now available on the world wide web location site of AIM if you are still interested in the services I provide. ±  <NEWLI
FW from AIM Server: Message from Keith Hanson
Hey, man, Blood here. Got your message. I'm back if you want to get in touch. ± ± Your call. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Rudy Roberts
Greetings. This is Rudy Roberts. Recently, you left a message for me, and as promised, I'm writing to let you know that I am now available. ± ± A word of caution, however. I regularly receive offers, so I encourage you to contact me at your earliest convenience. ± ± Thank you. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Steve Bornell
Steve Bornell Grizzly heer. You left a mesasage on my thing at AIM. I'm bacck. In the future please cnotact when I am there. I hate this techno crap. EXIT exit Send sned help stoip stop SEND \\http:stop //http:stop send. send /send ?help stop. SEND Send. //http.send send this fuc ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Victoria Waters
Got your message, man. If you still in the market, you come by AIM, and we'll talk. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Trevor Colby
G'day. Got your message. Sheila and I are back now, but I presume it's me you rang for, unless of course Sheila's into something I don't know about. ± ± Drop by AIM and we'll work it all out. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Helmut Grunther
Hello. This is Grunty here. You left message on my machine. Now I leave one on yours. I have returned from assignment. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Ivan Dolvich
Hello. I am house now. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Bobby Gontarski
This is massage from Robert Gontarski to you. I am teling you now that I am hear in AIM and can servuce you. You stop at my face in Site. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Igor Dolvich
Hello! This is Igor Dolvich, nephew of legendary Ivan Dolvich, returning your message. I am currently available to discuss employment opportunities. ± ± I also am seeking corporate sponsorship from liquor companies who want their brand name on my gun in exchange for product. ±
FW from AIM Server: ћэіdэњ ѝіѓіїџі
>>THIS MESSAGE FORWARDED TO AIM SERVER VIA ANONYMOUS EMAIL. You asked for Shadow. I might be available at the AIM site for a bit. You never really can tell. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Ernie Spragg
Greetings friend! Sorry I wasn't in to take your call, but it's been a booming time for me, if ya know what I mean! You give a call on Red. You'll find me at AIM, of course. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Carl Simmons
You left a message. Looks like we might have something to talk about. You know where to find me. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Fidel Dahan
Sorry I no contact you sooner. They take Fidel's computer. They say they find files of bad pictures. Is not true. I no know how they get there. Right now is good time for job far away. You come to AIM, we talk. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Cynthia Guzzman
Hello. You left a message for me? Let's talk and see if we can't get together for some action. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Sidney Nettleson
Thank you for your interest. As I am certain you are aware, I am one of AIM's most celebrated professionals. If you would like to discuss my credentials further, I am now available for consultation. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Gus Tarballs
Woody! Thought you'd never call! Heard you buzzed me while I was down golfing in the Middle East. ± ± Ain't busy right now. Maybe we can work us out a deal. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Monica Sonderguaad
Hello. I've returned to AIM, now. If you like, we can discuss the possibility of a contract. (And, Gumpy, if it was is you using another one of those free accounts you keep pulling out of magazines, I'm going to stuff your modem where the sun doesn't shine.) ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Ice Williams
This is Ice. Heard you were asking around about me, and got your message. If you want to get together, I'll make some time. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Dr. Donna Houston
Thanks for contacting me. Dr. Donna Houston, here. Finished up my last shift and could talk with you for a few minutes now. Of course, I'm on call, so, regretably, I can't guarantee anything. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Dr. Clifford Highball
Dr. Clifford Highball is now available. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from John Peters
I'm back. ± ± Bull. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Frank Hennessy
Hey, Ace. I got your message. I'll be hanging out here for a bit if you want to talk shop. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Louisa Garneau
If you need something shot, give me a call. Otherwise, I'm not interested. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Ron Higgens
Ron Higgens here. Got your message. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Charlene Higgens
Hi. This is Charlene. Should be here for a while, unless something else comes up. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Kirk Stevenson
You wanted to yak? I'm in. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Corp. Len Anderson
Thank you for contacting me. If you wish to discuss your assignment at this time, I can be reached through AIM. ± ± Thank you! ± ± Corporal Len Anderson. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Dr. Daniel Quinten
Good to hear from you. I have a few moments to meet with you if you're still looking for qualified medical personnel. I will gladly consider everything you have to say. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Earl Walker
I'm in. You want to talk? You know where to find me. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Stephen Rothman
Thank you for contacting me. As you are undoubtedly aware, I am considered to be one of AIM's top new members, and as such, I am often consulted and contracted for high-level, high-stress missions. ± ± While I am available to talk with you at present, I suspect it will be for a very limited time. <NEWLI
FW from AIM Server: Message from Robert James Sullivan
Got your bell, mate. I'm here in AIM now, and am always looking for new assignments. Drop by, and we'll have us a talk. Don't think anything's going to come up between now and then, but you never know. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from J.P. Viau
Malice is in the office. I am standing by. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Dr. Q. Huaong
Your message was received. Should you still have matters which you wish to discuss with me personally, I would welcome a meeting at this time. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Edgar Smorth
Got it. You want it? Come get it. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Thor Kaufman
Hello. Sorry I wasn't in to talk your call. Been a busy week for me. ± ± Anyway, I haven't got anything booked right now if you're still interested in talking. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Sheila Sterling
Greetings. This is Scope Sterling, and I am, as promised, returning your message. Should you have matters to discuss with me, I shall be available through AIM. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Peter Sanderson
You rang? I was in the john. Call me back. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Dr. Michael Dawson
Great! I got your message, and am looking forward to hearing about any work you might have. ± ± Thank you! ± ± Michael Dawson, M.D. ±
FW from AIM Server: Message from Norma Jessop
Got your pathetic message on my machine. You want to occupy more of my valuable time, you know where I am. ±
Credit to Account
In accordance with our new policy regarding dismissal before departure, A.I.M. has credited your account for the full amount of the mission fee for $MERCNAME$. ±
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. ± ± Hans Yorgan ± Director of A.I.M. Personnel ±
Indecision
Apparently, you have changed your mind about hiring $MERCNAME$. Although I am unhappy with this unexpected turn of events, I have reluctantly returned the monies you paid less a $10 processing fee. ±
I would appreciate if the members of my organization are not toyed with in this matter in the future. ± ± Speck T. Kline ±
A Bonus Offer from A.I.M.
Dear valued client, ± ± It is with great excitement that I announce an unbelievable bonus to our current promotion. For a limited time, A.I.M. will be giving away an original "Che Guevara" canteen with every mercenary engagement. ±
Made from hand-hammered tin and enclosed in Mayan wool, this canteen comes filled with fresh spring water from the French Alps. It is a collector's classic. And it's yours free, when you make A.I.M. your choice for your next mercenary engagement. ±
Yours truly, ± ± Howard "Carp" Melfield ± Marketing Manager ± Association of International Mercenaries ±
An Even Better Offer from M.E.R.C.
Hello there, ± ± Doing business with M.E.R.C has it's advantages. Like receiving this message from the owner of the agency himself, rather than some flunky, has-been, ex-mercenary, who barely saw action even in his prime. That's right! ±
You're dealing direct, and I'm here to respond to your needs. That's why I'm able to offer you a free, official, M.E.R.C. wristwatch the next time you hire from the More Economical Recruitment Center. And let me tell you, this timepiece is something special. ±
Biff convinced Flo to pose in her tiniest bikini. Then, highly-skilled Taiwanese watchmakers transposed her body and limbs onto the centerpiece. The results are stunning to say the least. So now, you can wear our shock resistant calender girl into combat, and allow to Flo show you the time. ±
Trust me, you'll be wishing it was 9:15 all the time. ± ± Speck T. Kline ±
A Special Bonus Offer from A.I.M.
± Dear valued client, ± ± We understand that in these days of increased competition, you, the client, sometimes gets lost in the shuffle. There's just so many offers out there that the whole process simply becomes confusing. ±
So, we're here to keep you focused on what matters - USEFUL mercenaries bearing USEFUL gifts. That's right! And in that spirit, let me tell you about our new special bonus gift - an authentic, autographed, combat knife from Sam Garver's Alligator Ranch and Gift Shop. ±
Famous throughout the world for its galvanized blade and gatorskin-handled elegance, this knife will help you get the job done right. Just like our mercenaries will. So remember, these rare beauties are ONLY available at A.I.M. with your next mercenary engagement. ±
Yours truly, ± ± Howard "Carp" Melfield ± Marketing Manager ± Association of International Mercenaries ±
IMP Analysis Results.
