Greetings, yes I am Rajheev Bansall. Please to be meeting, oh yes.
We meet again.
I come all the way from India, to seek my fortune and this, this is what I am dealing with! I once owned a petroleum station and convenience store at Omerta but had to sell up when the Queen's men used to steal frome me.
Ohh my God, if only I knew, IF ONLY I KNEW Arulco is like this.  I am wanting to make a new life in this farm, but like the petoleum station it is always being overrun by hooligans! 
I am not wanting this. I am very very sorry.
If only the God's light shone on this place and my cows. I have tried to care for them as best I can, but most of the  soil is poisoned! or pelted by bullets and shells. 
What is the problem? What is the problem! Please be keeping the noise down, you will scare my cows!
I can be helping you very much, I can help you with grain and seed, fertilzer and pesticides but I cannot be helping you with pulling a trigger.
Ohhh, oh my goodness! I have sprung a leak! and I am not suggesting I have Delhi-belly, I am telling you!
I would like to talk to you very very much, but I have to clean the cow dung out before dawn.  
*
You bring me whooo? I am very interesting in meeting this man. Anybody who can help me with my farm is welcome at my home.
Oh behold what an especially good day it is today. With this jar of sacred semen I can bring my herd to strength again. I swear the first bottle of milk I sell will celebrate your name!
Ooooh, so you are coming again. Good, we very much need to be talking with each other.
Who do you think you are? Before I am using the semen I am totally taking the sample to the biology students at Salinas, and they say, t-h-e-y  s-a-y the semen is not even from a cow!
Don't you be playing games, everyone is playing games with me, I want my money! You sell me items, you think ha ha stupid Indian; stupid Rajiv! But Rajiv not so stupid oohhhh no! I totally, I TOTALLY know this is fake!
I am talking! I want my money back, and I want my money back nooow, I-I-I I talk with rest of the town, and you, you not get help in Salinas no more if you don't give me my money back! Okay?
Surely you are joking! This is re-cock-ulous! I am wanting all of my money,  Not a little bit, not half of all it, I want all of ALL OF IT! 
Okay. Here is your sample back, you go and have your joking with someone else, okay.
Why you crying son of bitch! Salinas will fuck you, y- fuck you with donkey, you and your family! Okay?
Maderchod! 
Oh, oh the firing! The firing and the hurt! Will it never end?
