Yeah tha's right, folk call me Fish!
Everything was okay until I reached the border, and then they checked my passport...
Everything was okay until I reached the border, and then they checked my passport...
Everything was okay until I reached the border, and then they checked my passport...
I dunnae need tha'.
If ye need help... I'm ready.
No need tae threaten me, pal!
No! I'ma no' keen on suicide missions!
For tha' I'll personally take a knife tae ye!
If ye need help... I'm ready.
Of course! That's why I'm here?!
You dannae wanna pick a quarrel wi' me!
Quit blethering and clear up the gobshites with the guns first!
Yeah tha's right, folk call me Fish!
I was there when they attacked us. I killed some of tha bastarts and then made a scarper. As a merc' I know how tae survive.
Of course! That's why I'm here?!
Ye are putting ye life on the line for us out there. The least we could do is patch ye up.
Unfortunately, I'll have tae charge for patching ye up.
Promise ye wonnae tell anybody... but I at least appreciate what ye doin' here. That's why I'll tweak the reports a bit on your medical treatment. But keep it stum.
I'm omma way!
Yas, it wonnae take long.
Got it. It could take a wee bit longer, but donnae fret.
I wish I could do more for ye, but is no' possible. I hope, ye rethink your choice.
Don't take it the wrong way, working wi' ye was a great adventure, but it's no' fo' me! I'mmae in better hands here.
I'm offering ye a good deal for a treatment, but I wannae remind ye o' the money ye still owe me.
Before we're gonnae start a' interesting conversation, I'd be grateful if ye took care o' the bullets whizzing by. I'm not too fond o' mae ward being taken for a shooting gallery!
I've thought about it again. I wouldnae mind givin these inbred soldiers a good kickin. I could be yae doctor and take care of injuries on the spot, like, and I'm handy wi' a knife.
Tha' means ye wouldnae 'ave to tow these guys here. I've gained a bit of experience as a medic during the fighting and I know a lot of people in the countryside. Could be handy for ye...
Of course I'd be puttin' me erse on the line wi' all these extra dangers, but I'd be willing ta do it fe 500 dollars a day, make it worth me while!
Deal! Ye won' be disappointed.
Well, okay... it was justae thought.
I'm pretty sure we got the urgent shipments. But there's a problem in the hospital. The few shipments we get are being stolen by someone.
I'm afraid, I cannae do anything for ye, today. We've been robbed again. I donnae even have plasters!
Oh, nae thanks. I donnae accept medical equipment from people off the street. It would gemme in trouble wi' the man y'know.
Ye big Jesse!
Ye effort seems to pay off. Sometimes I wish I'd still kep' up with the Merc business. But it's more important ye get tha job done.
I donnae wanna annoy ye, but I need the cash.
The whole amount, smarterse!
I was there when they attacked us. I killed some of tha bastirts and then made a scarper. As a merc' I know how tae survive.
I wanted tae skip the country. This country wennae down since the Spanish came in and then there's this new tyrant...
