I'm a... well, I guess what you call a representative. I represent the company, and the government that my company works for you'll not be surprised to hear has heard all about you and what you're doing in this country. 
It's no surprise we were going to bump into each other again given the size of this piss-ant town.
In this world there are two kinds of people; those who are Christian and support free enterprise, and the others.
You didn't catch my name before? Oh I'm sorry, I'm Stanley Reed. 
The company I work for is interested in larger business opportunities than this, thank you. 
Hey, we've got a customer here. Apologies, I must stop using my business venacular, though even in a place like this everyone's got a price, don't they.
No need to get overexcited, I assure you. I a-s-s-u-r-e  you.
Not many people who work for the company tend to leave in a hurry, and when they do it's usually either in a body bag or a well-funded retirement. I'm banking on the second option.
*Urghh* Get me medic, go on boy!
It's tough kid, but it's life.
You seem hell-bent on valuable company time being wasted. But I don't get much time to cut loose much anymore so let's do the dance.
Well I'm sure you heard it the first time, and I can tell you read between the lines pretty clearly, so let's not be wasting each other's time. 
You can take your gun and shove it! You ain't working here no more!
*CIA's offer, lines said if offer is taken, lines said after sample is discovered fake, threats if money is not refunded*
I'm guessing you'd be a shrewd businessman yourself, and a shrewd businessman could make a lot of money if they were willing to furnish the company I work for with the product that we know is being marketed here, here in Arulco.
This product is being touted by a not so shrewd businessman, who goes by the name of Dwight McGraw.
Now unfortunately our fellow Dwight seems to want sell this product elsewhere, and not take up the fair offer we have given him which would benefit the people of America.
Now I don't know if Mr McGraw's lost a bit of insight while living out of a suitcase, but some may even consider his actions unpatriotic. And if we can't convince him of the business opportunity that lies before him, then maybe YOU can.
If you can obtain the product he wants to sell, and bring it to us, then we'd be more than happy to make a deal with you.
I'm not saying Dwight needs to disappear.... no no,  but I'm sure you are more than capable of being a middle man in a mutually beneficial transaction where everybody wins. 
The company I represent and the people and businesses my company protects will win, you will win for the payment you receive and even Dwight himself can make a little profit too, which is what we wanted all along now, didn't we.
But should Dwight mysteriously go missing in a foreign country like this, mmmm well, perhaps that may work better for your profit margins.
Well I'm glad you got Dwight to see the light. 
I'm sure he didn't take much convincing, his pride's maybe just hurting a little, but everyone sells out eventually, might as well be on the winning team!
Here, here's the funds we agreed with Dwight back in the world, minus taxes.
Amusing how thing's work out isn't it? I like a man who get's things done.The world of free enterprise is all about getting things done, as long as it's economically viable.
Well I could tell the first time I layed eyes on you, you were the sort of person the company could work with. You can be proud of the work you've done for all us and the people of America.
If you ever get some holes in your schedule we're always looking for guys to work for us in a private capacity. Gets to be useful if we need to deny anything that gets out to the press, or places like that home for snitches; Weekly leaks.
How long did you seriously think you could get away with what you've done? It's time for an audit.
If you do not repay all of the funds, plus interest of $1946 you will be shot. Any other activity other than the full repayment in funds will result in you being shot. 
You gang of idiots have lucked out. We will acquire our assets over your dead bodies. 
You just dodged a bullet for all practical purposes. I suggest your people stick to playing cowboys and indians than branching into business opportunities with conmen. 
What's that?......yeah........ah................Is this thing on?
Come on now, I'm sure you, Dwight and all of us can come to some arrangement. 
We all still want to offer you the generous offer discussed before. I know you have doubts, but doubts are the number one enemy of progress.
Have you considered how small Arulco is? Such a small country is not going to get the full benefit of such a product. 
No one needs to die here today. All we are suggesting is someone sympathetic to a sensible business agreement.
Peasants of Arulco, remain calm, stay in your homes, wanted fugitives are in this area, stay away from the windows.
I'm sure we can talk after these natives have stopped being restless.
