It be good to make your acquaintance.
You are well?
I have faith in us. Victory will come.
It be a shame you did not see Arulco in its glory.
I have no need for that.
We must keep confidence.
You threaten the wrong man. You do not wish to challenge me.
It does not seem right at this moment.
I... require... emergency.. treatment.
We have nothing to talk about.
I do not... Let me see this letter.
Hmm... It be true. Enrico has sent men to help us.
On behalf of my rebel force and the people of Arulco, I welcome you. We are very much in need of your aid. Deidranna wishes to remove Omerta from the map of this country.
Yes. It is time to unite as one force. Together we will witness victory.
That will do, Ira. I am sure our friends have heard of her nature. If not, they will know soon enough.
Die, bastards!
I have lost over thirty men in the last month. My force is down to the people you see here. But, I do have a few trusted people living in the Arulco countryside.
The people of Arulco would overthrow Deidranna with pleasure, but they live in fear of her. And rightfully so... She be heartless and brutal. She has robbed our country of its money and its soul.
Getting their confidence be our biggest problem. The people must feel we are capable of defeating her. Yet, without their support we cannot.
We are missing soldiers and equipment. You could not have come at a better time.
Yes... Carlos be my close advisor. He is right. He usually be right. Making a safe route to Drassen to get supplies be a priority.
If you can remove Deidranna's forces from your path, there is a priest in Drassen named Father Walker. He be a drunk of poor judgement, however he will be sympathetic to our situation.
Find him and tell him no more than you need to. I will send others to fetch the supplies he will gather. I wish you luck, and express my gratitude.
I can spare Ira. She is quick learner and knows the priest well. I believe he might even have some passion for her.
A donation! I will make certain it goes to good use.
Good. The people of Omerta have you to thank for their food and supplies. It is through your hardwork and the generosity of Father Walker that we enjoy the basics of life, once again.
Perhaps, now I am in a position to offer the services of Dimitri. He is a good man.
Yes, as the countryside becomes safe we too shall join, Carlos. We must be one force united. It be the path to victory... Dimitri will serve you well. His skill throwing a knife will save you many an unwanted battle.
We must have patience, Carlos. Our guests, I am sure, are doing what they can.
You have expanded the base of operations. Two villages are now liberated. This be a most encouraging sign.
I must express my appreciation, four towns are now under our control. I sense Deidranna does not sleep peacefully.
With 5 villages liberated, I feel confident that the people of the countryside are free from her tyranny. Carlos and I are available to join with your group now.
