Top of the day to ya. Haven't made yer acquaintance.
Enjoy me company, ya do.
Aye, sometimes I wonder why I ever left me homeland.
Aye, the market for explosives is boomin'. They be hard to get a hold of, don't ya know.
No thank ya. What would I be needin' with that?
Not really one for company, not that there's much here. You got Brits, ugly broads and bugs. What kind of place be that?
Do ya know who yer talking ta here? Devin Connell! You might want to show a wee bit of respect.
Aye, no. You ain't tappin' me confidence.
Need a bandaging now!
I suppose me presence has delighted you long enough now.
Maybe ya'd fancy a look at me wares before you be shelling out the dough.
Aye, everything is first-hand from the top experts in the field.
Guaranteed best prices ya get from me.
I've never done a dishonest deal in me life. Ya can trust me!
I wasn't looking to buy anything, ya know.


Aye, I'm only interested in things which go "boom" me friend.



You'll be needing to top this off with a few more dollars.
Great. The deal's done, then.
Let me see. Aye... aye, it's all here. Perfect!
Yer a fine customer. Give ya an ever better deal next time.
Window shoppin' won't get ya far.
Ya leaving this behind, then.
Blimey bastard!
Many thanks. May the devil forget you exist.
The name's Devin Connell. You be lucky ya bumped into me. I have a fine selection of goods that ya might be interested in. Things that go bang be me specialty.
And I only be handlin' the ones that go bang when they're supposed to. Got a few things to show ya, ya never know if ya be interested.
Aye. I could put some of me explosive knowledge to practice. Knowledge like that don't come on the cheap, ya know. And ya be asking me to turn me back on a highly profitable business.
It be settled then. I be workin' with ya.
Aye. No hard feelings. I can still be takin' care of your explosive needs.
You can count on me for nothin' 'til your debt be paid.
That be encouraging.
You best be takin' care of your business before we can do any.
