Freedom. Sweet freedom. I'm Greg Duncan. A survivor of Deidranna's madness.
Good to see ya... I haven't forgotten ya. Doubt I ever will.
I might be able to help ya.
Satan himself wouldn't last the day in a cell at Tixa.
Thanks. But I don't need it.
Hard to believe I'm finally free.
You don't scare me. There's nothing left to scare.
No! I'm thinking I should check in with my wife.
I need to get med...a doctor.
I ain't got time.
I ain't got nothing to say to you until you pay me the money you owe me.
I'm sure I can put that to use.
Could be my last chance to watch the bitch die. Yeah... I got a score to settle.
What do you say to fifty bucks a day? Something to send back to the wife and put food in my mouth along the way. I'm pretty good at jimmying doors. Could get ya into a lot of places.
I was caged up for over a month. A month longer than most people imprisoned in Tixa. They usually don't make it past the first day!
My crime? I was told to attend one of the Queen's speeches and to clap loudly. My kid got sick, and I forgot all about it. They came for me the same night.
When I told the authorities what happened, they shot and killed my four year old son right in front of me, just so it wouldn't happen again.
I know you're busy. Ya got a war to fight and all. I should be grateful just for the chance to breath air, but I'm hurtin' bad and I could use some medical attention...
Thanks. Feeling better already.
Only reason I'm probably still alive is that my brother, Matt, runs a mining operation in Alma. That was enough to make sure the guards brought me my food first. There was never enough to go around.
Matt's someone who'll be awfully glad to see me. He and his crew have been on a work slowdown at the mine in protest of my detention. Kinda slowed production as much as they could without getting themselves executed.
I'd feel better if you took care of the guards before we got into any long conversations.
Are you sure there's no one around? Last thing I'd want to do is run into a guard.
I'm up to it! I can't wait to get my hands around her neck.
Oh, what the hell... I can't pass on the chance to avenge my son's death. Just feed me every once in a while, okay?
Burn in hell! You heartless bastard.
It's good to see you too, Matt. There was a time when I thought that would never happen.
Yeah... I got a serious score to settle.
