Breeham Druz. Everyone calls me Shank.
How you doing? Thanks to you, I'm doing a lot better.
It's gonna be nice to be able to sleep through a night.
It was like God sent you. You can't believe how grateful I am.
Freeing me was enough. You keep it.
Promise me you'll see to it that Deidranna suffers.
I told you everything. I swear!
It's not that I don't want to. I'm just not much of a soldier.
I can't deal with this. The pain's... painful.
I need time alone.
I'd appreciate the money you still owe me. Until then, I haven't really got much to say to you.
Money's always good.
Gettin' back at those responsible for putting me in Tixa? Sounds like a decent proposition to me. I'll try not to get in the way.
This is kinda awkward, but do you think you could spare twenty bucks a day, just so I'm not moochin' off everybody? I'm a pretty damn good knife thrower. Used to even do it blindfolded just for kicks at parties.
All right! Now what can I do for ya?
You must be part of that group of mercenaries we've been hearing about. Ya guys are going save our country, I know it... You've already saved me.
Gordon has lost his mind. They beat that poor guy to a pulp, then let him recover enough so they could beat him again. It's best to just leave him alone.
I consider myself lucky. I only spent a couple of days in Tixa - which is nothing compared to Dynamo Duncan. He's an oldtimer. Don't know how he survived.
You want to know why I'm in Tixa? Because of my parents. Turned me in for growing a couple of plants. They're rich, and they're friends with the Queen. Just like everyone else who lives in Balime.
I hate them! All of them! Got their wealth from the suffering of others. I'd think nothing of killing 'em. That goes double for my old man and old lady.
I heard some shooting. Is everything okay?
Let me know when everything's okay...
A lot of people are sure going to be surprised when they see me around again.
Jeez! Do you know how little twenty bucks gets ya? Ah, well... Have it your way.
You ruthless son of a dog.
You get me to Estoni and I could probably make some arrangements to get some fuel. Don't know if it interests you, but it's a thought.
