Doctor Vincent Beaumont. Pleasure to meet ya.
What can I do to help ya?
Until you guys came down here, I had given up on this country. The only reason I'm still here is I couldn't turn my back on its people.
You guys are nothing short of heroes.
You keep it.
You wouldn't believe what Deidranna's put these people through. Most of them are probably far too scared to tell ya. They desperately want to believe in ya.
Why the attitude? There's no reason for it.
I have my concerns about you. It's nothin' uh, personal, of course.
Ughhh - I'm hemorrhaging... Uhh - I'm weak...
Don't mean to brush ya off, but I have to.
It will help keep things going around here.
Just the one wounded? That shouldn't pose any problems.
Looks like I have a full slate ahead of me today.
Though I hate to do this, I will have to charge you for any medical services rendered. Otherwise, we couldn't keep this place open.
I'll cut you a little bit of a break on the price. I wouldn't feel right otherwise.
Since you guys are for real, I'll only charge you for the cost of the supplies.
You guys are out there putting it on the line for us. The least we can do is give ya a freebie this time.
Unfortunately, I'm going to have to charge you for use of our services.
Ya got to promise me you won't tell anyone... I really appreciate what you're doing, so I'm going to play with some numbers and bury the costs of this treatment somewhere. It's hush-hush, and I can't do it too often.
Tell them I'm on my way.
Good. Shouldn't be too long...
All right! It could be a while, just leave it in my capable hands.
I wish I was in a position where I could do something better on the cost, but I can't. Hope you'll reconsider.
Don't take this wrong. Working with you was an adventure, but I sort of got it out of my system. I think the best place for me is right here.
I'll give ya a decent price on my services, but I will have to include the money you still owe me.
Before we get into any heavy conversation, I'd feel a lot better if you took care of the gunfire. I'm not crazy about the hospital being in the middle of a combat zone.
I've actually been giving it some thought. I wouldn't mind getting a firsthand piece of some of those thugs the Queen calls her army. I could be the team doctor, you know, ready to treat, right on the spot.
No more dragging people here for treatment... I do have some experience with field medicine, and I know a lot of the townsfolk in the countryside. It could help having me around...
Of course, the risk would be higher. I'd be exposing myself to all kinds of possible dangers. But, I'd be willing to do it for, say, 500 dollars a day...
Settled, let's get to it.
Well... it was just a thought.
I'm pretty sure we've still got the necessary supplies... The hospital has an inventory problem. The few supplies we do manage to get our hands on, some employee keeps stealing.
Not today, I'm afraid. Someone's been ripping our stuff off. I couldn't find a bandage if your life depended on it.
Thanks, but no thanks. Using medical supplies from a stranger would have malpractice written all over it.
You sick son-of-a-bitch.
Your efforts seem to be paying off. Sometimes I wish I was still part of it. But what's important is you're getting the job done.
Don't mean to be a stickler about this, but I'll need the cash.
The entire amount!
