I'm Doctor Willis. Can I help ya?
What seems to be the problem this time?
Between you and me, this war has been necessary for a long time. I wish you the best of luck.
I cannot tell ya how many times I've thought of retiring to a quiet family practice in some other country.
I appreciate it, but I cannot accept it.
The sooner this conflict is over the better.
We're in a hospital. There's no need to raise your voice. I have already decided to offer my full cooperation.
I've taken quite the risk to offer you treatment. It's as involved as I care to be.
I cannot treat my injuries... I need assistance.
I'm sorry, but I have patients to attend to.
Thank you.
I'm sure we can handle another patient.
You're going to be keeping me busy for a while. I hope things are going better for you than they appear to be.
I'll attend to it, though I will have to charge you for my services. The money will allow me to give the people around here the medical attention they need.
Seeing how you're fighting for the betterment of Arulco, I'll give you a bit of a break on the price.
I wanted to let you know that we all appreciate what you're doing. And just to show you what I mean, I'm only asking you to cover the cost of the treatment.
We've all decided to waive any fees for our services. This treatment is on the hospital.
Of course, as distasteful as it is, there will be a charge for the treatment.
Seeing how you've helped the Grahams with their son, there'll be no charge for this treatment, and I'll keep my fees to a minimum from here on in.
Very well... I'll be right there.
Very well, then... leave everything to me, and I'll get things fixed up right.
Okay, leave them with me. I'll get them all back on their feet before you know it.
Well... If you change your mind or things take a turn for the worst, you know where to find me.
Once you get the fighting under control, maybe then, we can talk.
I just hope I don't run out of medical supplies. It seems someone's been stealing from us. They're probably selling it on the black market.
I'm terribly sorry, but I don't have the necessary supplies to heal anyone. We were cleaned out. Hopefully, we'll get a shipment in the next couple of days.
I can't take medical supplies or medicine from you. You'll have to clear it with administration.
You are demented!
It is too dangerous right now to help you. We are being watched.
I have to tell you, I had my doubts when you first got here. But you've proven that you're out to win this war, and the town of Cambria stands solidly behind you.
Just thought I'd mention that I realize you're mercenaries and you're in this for money, but we need you. We need you to stay with it. You're the last hope for this country.
Thanks. Feels a little strange to be on the receiving end.
Of course, you'll have to pay for the treatment, now, in cash.
I'll need all of it.
