Don't bother me, okay? It isn't The Rat you're looking for, whatever it is.
What do you want...
Heh-heh-heh-heh. You ever seen a man... eaten alive? They shake and quiver, depending on whether you start at the head or the feet. Heh-heh-heh-heh.
You've probably heard the rumors, and they're true. If you haven't... well, I'm not telling you.
No, no, no, nothing. I don't want it...
I'll tell you this, but keep it quiet. Here, the people? They die twice. You think about that.
Oh, c'mon. Leave... leave me alone. Humans are the last thing I'd be afraid of.
No, but I'll be around to pick you up after... heh-heh-heh-heh.
Help me here... I... I can't die...
You best not be seen in my company.
You have no idea. Thank you.
Guess where your body's going! Heh-heh-heh-heh.
Settle the shooting first! I don't want to die, especially talking to you.
Okay! So you know who I am. So what if I worked for the Queen? I just happened to enjoy working with insects. Big insects! She told me I was working too hard. I needed a vacation.
I already confessed, I fed the Crepitus. Fed them Arulco's dead. Queen wants them to stay underground, so she makes sure they don't get hungry and start wandering around.
She also has me burn the larvae so they don't get to be too many. You see, I'm a good guy just trying to keep things under control.
Okay, okay... I'll tell you all I know about the Crepitus. Just relax... They reproduce quicker than rabbits. A lot quicker. They grow damn fast, too. And the older they get, the more dangerous they are.
The big difference between the males and the females, these insects got it backwards. The males take care of the young larvae, while the females are the hunters and the aggressors.
Ya find yourself in deep trouble with either one of them, ya shoot 'em in the butt. That's their weak point.

Okay! Enough already... There's an old fellow I used to work with named Gabby. He knows how to make this stuff that lets you sneak around the insects without them bothering you.
Think he lives alone in the woods somewhere, which is kinda strange for a guy who won't shut up. If you find him, you let me know, 'cause I could use some more of that stuff myself.
I don't want nothin' from you.
