Peter Klaus. Some of my closer friends call me Kingpin.
I trust you are enjoying my town.
Your small talk is of little interest to me.
My time is limited.
Your gift is of no value to me.
Everything in San Mona belongs to me. The responsibility is enormous.
We'll pretend you are ignorant, and you do not know who you are threatening. Do it again, and we'll pretend that you are dead.
Hahahah... You can't be serious!
Son-of-a-bitch...
You can leave now.
I will put this money towards improving my little town.
I understand we're in for some entertainment. I never miss a good bout, especially not when there's new blood in the battle.
I run a nice little town here. You are welcome to enjoy the facilities. We have everything... I am sure you will find something that caters to your needs.
Just keep in mind that you are my guest. While you take your well-deserved break from the rigors of war, I expect you to behave as such.
Very well then. Let's get on with this exhibition...
You were warned...
You're messing with the wrong man...
Good. However, we have a minor problem. It seems someone has found out where I do my banking. This certain someone has made, let's say, an unauthorized withdrawl.
I'm not a finger-pointing type of fellow, but I do expect YOU to give it back to me. As a matter of fact, I was hoping we could settle this right now, put it behind us. Of course, there will be a 25 percent service fee.
Something to cover my inconvenience, you understand. I'm a reasonable man. I'll give you 48 hours to deliver it to me. To me personally, or I'll hunt you down and kill you.
I knew you were a sensible person. And to show you I am the same, I will erase this whole episode from my mind. I mean, how could you have known it was my money? And you are enjoying San Mona, are you not?
A downpayment, but we are not quite squared off yet.
You impressed me. Showed a determination I did not believe you had. You know, you should drop by my house sometime. It is south of here. Not very far, within walking distance.
I'll tell Damon to be expecting you. We might just be able to help each other out. You think about it.
We will have to pick this up another time...
I built it from nothing, by doing people favors. I am a generous man who enjoys seeing people entertained. I am also an avid collector who appreciates the rarity of some of the finer things in life.
I have a proposition I want you to consider. There is a museum in Balime. On display is a rather precious piece of Arulcan history. The diamond-encrusted Golden Chalice of Chance.
It is encased there for the benefit of the rich. Balime is a town inhabited by friends and associates of Deidranna. Since she is a sworn enemy of yours, I thought perhaps you might be willing to get it for me.
I would reward you, of course, and you would surely feel better knowing that the common folk, the working people of San Mona, would be given the opportunity to share in a piece of their ancient history.
I would do it myself, or rather, have my people do it, but I can't have Deidranna believing I am in any way involved. She and I have a special, unique relationship and something like this would no doubt sour it.
Whether this is something that interests you, or not, is entirely up to you. But keep in mind during your travels that I will pay twenty thousand dollars in cash for the Chalice.
Let's get right to the point. Did you manage to get me the Golden Chalice of Chance or not? I can barely wait to see it.
Ah... It is just like I remembered it. Magnificent, simply magnificent.
And this, my dear friend, is for you. Perhaps, you will find some of the attractions in town to be worthy of your hard earned dollars.
Another bout. I am looking forward to a close one.
A most enjoyable event. Whenever you wish to partake in another, please make the necessary arrangements with my assistant, Darren.
I hope you are bringing me good news and money. Time is running out, and so is my patience.
