Feel free to browse. Only the finest quality leathers are available in my shop. If I can be of any help... my name is Angel.
Hello...
It's a shame you are here only now. Two weeks ago, I had my pre-inventory clearance sale. The prices on everything were slashed drastically.
I have owned this store for nearly a year now.
I am not really set up for bartering. However, I do accept all the major credit cards.
It is best to keep your head low and go about your business in San Mona. It can be a very dangerous town otherwise. It costs me a fortune in fees just to operate my shop in peace.
Have I done something to upset you?
I am not really a man of war.
I was afraid this would happen...
I have things to attend to. If you need me, I'll be here.
Thank you. I am sure you'll be satisfied with your purchase. The vest is extremely durable. It will no doubt last you a lifetime.
I have a very unique item for sale. It is something I believe might interest you. A kevlar-treated leather vest... Very fashionable, yet extremely practical. I could let it go for, say $950 dollars.
You don't owe me any money.
And how will you be paying for that?
I am going to put my faith in you. You seem trustworthy, and I sense this may be my only chance... My sister, Maria, was taken from our home in Meduna just over a year ago. She is being forced to work as a prostitute.
I moved to San Mona and opened this leather shop so I could be close to the Shady Lady brothel where she is being forced to work. She once was a very innocent and naive girl. I fear that is no longer the case.
I beg you to rescue her, to free her from the brothel and to bring her back here to me. I will give you everything I own. I can't afford to pay you cash, but I know where you can find some.
However, you must be careful. The Shady Lady is owned by Kingpin. If he knows it was you who spirited her away, or you engage his men in battle, he will kill us all.
Maria! Can it be true? God bless you... It is a miracle.
You have done exactly as I asked. I am forever grateful... I no longer have need of this leather shop. It is yours to do with as you wish. Here is the deed...
This treated leather vest is yours as well...
Maria has told me in the past that she knows where Mr. Klaus hides his money. It was information I would never dare make use of. You, however, may be capable of stealing from Kingpin... and getting away with it.
He hides it deep in San Mona's abandoned mine. There must be a fortune there. I don't how well-guarded it is, since few know about it, and those that do, would never cross him.
We must be going. Madame Layla and Kingpin will no waste any time looking for Maria.
It is so good to see you, Maria. I am sorry for all that has happened. We will start over, somewhere safe. Were you able to get away quietly? Will they be looking for us?
Nonetheless... We must move quickly. I have waited too long to lose you now, Maria. We shall leave the country immediately... I will help you put this behind you.
I was afraid this would happen. We must leave immediately! I warned you about this... Mr. Klaus will hunt us down like dogs! Let's go, Maria.
Those idiots. It is exactly what I told them not to do. We will leave immediately.
Would it be all right if you came back tomorrow? It is already past my usual closing time.
If you want me to help you, you will have to rescue my sister. Kill me if you must, but you will not get anything from me.
I promised the soldiers who rescued you a reward. I will leave the deed to the shop here. Hopefully, they will find it. We must go now.
I did not know if you were coming. You have done exactly as I have asked. We are forever grateful. I left the deed to the leather shop as a token of my appreciation.
You are a madman!
That's not enough. I said $950.
That's too much. I don't have change. Do you have the exact amount?
I don't conduct business with bullets flying.
