I am Father John Walker. You may call me Father John.
Don't I know you? You look familiar.
Let there be no question of conscience, the Lord be with you.
Queen Deidranna would not approve of this meeting.
I have no need for possessions.
Not one for small talk, are you?
If I had more to tell you, I would. Please... I beg of you, I am a man of the cloth, do not harm me.
I will bless you, but I cannot go with you.
Holy Mother of Mary... I, I'm bleeding everywhere.
Sorry, I have a sermon to prepare.
Ah...a contribution. I... I'll have to mail you the receipt. I don't have any with me.
Well, that's mighty thoughtful of you. A little something to pick up the spirits.
Miguel Cordona needs my assistance? Well... I think I can put together some food and supplies. Fuel, as Miguel is probably well aware, remains next to impossible to acquire.
The rest will take time. I do have some things hidden away, but I'll need to call upon the generosity of the faithful. Moving too quickly will only bring us all... unnecessary attention.
I'll get word to Miguel when everything is in order.
It's too bad that young woman, Ira, isn't with you. I haven't seen her in a while. She's quite something, you know. I really enjoy conversing with her.
I haven't seen you around, Ira. I was worried, perhaps, something had happened to you. You are looking well, as always.
Deidranna does not approve of organized religion. She only tolerates me and my congregation because she does not want the attention of outsiders, especially the Holy Father.
The Pope has a knack for getting in the way of dictators. It's something of a hobby of his.
The food supplies have made it to Omerta. I've developed a network of people to keep them fed for the next little while.
If you're looking for Carmen, he left word that he was headed over to San Mona. Which seems like an appropriate place for him.
A gentleman named Carmen was here not too long ago asking about you fellows. He said I should tell you that you could find him in Cambria.
Deidranna will burn slow..ly in Hell. That, ya can put your money in the bank on...  Ever notice there's no cemeteries in Arulco? She lays claim to the dead... Takes them right, right off the grieving families.
And don't believe her state funeral bullshit! Pardon my unholiness... She's doing something with the bodies. She's infringing upon the souls of the dead. And for that, she will burn, burn slowly like a pig on a spit.
I've said too much... And haven't drank enough.
I seem to have run out of sacramental wine. You wouldn't happen to have any would you? I mean...ah, any type of alcoholic beverage will do.
God will get you for this!
You are truly God's child.
Holy tabernacle! Have the hostilities ceased?
She's an evil woman, that Queen Deidranna... A surefire candidate for hell. She, you know, she kills everyone that gets sick... or was born less than perfect. There aren't no sick people in Meduna. That's a fact...
It's the healthiest city in the world... No sir, ya don't want to be complaining about your ailments in Meduna. The doctors in Cambria can be trusted though. Nurse Jenny has been fudging the paperwork for years.
Things were different before... The Chivaldori family were good people. They must all be turning uncomfortably in their graves. Trying to rest, troubled souls, knowing what has happened to their beloved country.
Nah... things aren't what they used to be. Maybe one day... Must be positive. There are still plenty of good-intentioned souls in the world.
