Why are you here?
I am surprised to see that you are still here.
The children and the people of Omerta have put their faith in you. We wish you the best.
I wish I could be of more help. But it is not possible.
No thank you.
I would like to spend more time, but I must feed my children.
There is no need to threaten me. I shall not cause you harm.
Me? No. My children are in need of me.
I mu-must seek h-help...
Well, I'm a very busy woman.
Why are you scaring the child? What is your purpose in Omerta? You are not regular soldiers.
You are being watched. If you cause any harm, you will not leave Omerta alive.
How could it be that you were sent by Enrico? He has been dead for more than... ten years.
Very few people are aware that he's alive. As far as most of the people in Arulco are concerned, he was murdered over a decade ago.
We had given up hope of ever hearing from Enrico again. Who would believe that someone living in the comforts of exile would care about this dismal country?
Very well, then...
Follow me. Do not make any quick moves. Miguel's men will be nervous. You do not wish to intimidate them. Deidranna has brutally bombed and attacked us for over two straight months.
You want me to believe that you are working for a dead man? I would suggest that you leave Omerta before you, yourself, become one.
Give me a reason to believe that Enrico sent you, and perhaps I will have reason to speak with you.
They have been sent by Enrico Chivaldori. They are here to help us, Dimitri. They must speak with Miguel. I would never bring them here without proof of this.
Enrico has enlisted mercenaries to aid us in the struggle. I have a letter addressed to Miguel. It is signed by Enrico himself and contains details of the night we helped him flee Arulco. Details only he would know.
Here...
Who are you? What is this?
Hmmm... A letter from Enrico Chivaldori. He has not forgotten us...
You have betrayed us. God have mercy on your soul.
Have you seen a small boy? Oh, I am worried sick. I have not seen Pacos in hours. I've looked everywhere. He is nowhere to be found.
I have no time for anything until I find my boy. I can only pray that the army has not captured him.
No, it is not safe to talk now. The Queen's men...
I have all that I need.
