Well, hello there. Fred Morris, head miner here. Pleasure to meet you.
Nice to see a friendly face.
This weather, the war, you name it - it's all El Nino, I'm telling you. Making people kinda crazy, it is.
I think all you outsiders are getting the wrong impression of the country. Been here all my life, and it wasn't always like this.
You probably need it more than I do.
Word's gotten around about you. Not all bad, nor all good.
I understand you're under a lot of stress, but that's really no way to talk to somebody.
Oh, no thanks. I got all I can handle right here.
Get me a doctor?
Well, I expect you have things to do, so I won't keep you.
Yeah, that did the trick.
I don't understand!
I was hoping I'd get to meet you. I knew when I did that me and my men would be finally liberated from the clutches of that slave driving... dictator! The Queen's in a class by herself when it comes to cruelty.
To show my appreciation, I'm prepared to continue mining and turn the proceeds over to you. I'll gather the men I can, and the ore we dig is yours. You have to understand, though, a lot of the men are scared.
Scared the Queen will return to punish them... I won't be able to convince all of them. That will be up to you. They need to know you're for real. That you're here to stay.
If Deidranna does take back this town, the people will work for her like nothing happened. It's what they know. It's how they stay alive. You mustn't hold it against any one of us.
I'm sure you'll find the same attitude amongst the other mine foremen and their workers. Heck! This whole country is hopeful, but we will remain cautious out of fear.
I have some alarming news. It appears we're nearing the end of the ore deposit. Could be a matter of days before production starts to drop-off, then a couple more days before the mine is closed altogether.
Unfortunately, I had to close the mine. A couple of my men say they spotted huge, hideous bugs down there. I don't know how true it is, but I can't allow anyone to work until I'm sure it's safe.
Thank God! Thought you'd never be back. My men have been through an extremely rough time. I hope you'll make every effort to prevent that from happening again.
I'll make time for you, once you inflict some peace on the area.
You're turning out to be the answer to all our prayers.
Thought you might want to be brought up-to-speed. The mine is currently running at full capacity. My men are behind you one hundred percent.
Things could be going better. I'm still having problems recruiting workers. Hate to say it, but the people around here lack confidence in your ability to win this thing.
Kind of quiet around here since the mine's been closed. It's too bad the lode went dry. I must say, I miss the responsibility the job gave me. You know, I personally carried the last nugget out...
There are probably others who need it more.
We've had another incident with those creatures. I had to shut down the mine again.
Looks like everything's okay. I got the men to come back to work, too. Have to say, though, if I so much as suspect one of those creature things again, I'm stopping everything.
