Welcome to the Shady Lady. I am Madame Layla, your hostess...
It is with pleasure that I welcome you again.
I'm flattered, but I haven't worked in a long time.
There's no need to be concerned. Mr. Klaus insists all the girls pass medical examinations. He, himself, personally witnesses these physicals to ensure their thoroughness.
I only accept cash. Perhaps someone else would be prepared to give you money for it.
My regrets, but all prices are as stated.
I try to run a nice, quiet, civil place. I would appreciate your cooperation.
Do you have any idea how many offers like that the girls and I get each day?
Oh...ay... I never realized it could hurt this much... I can't recall any of my... eight births being this bad.
You'll have to excuse me... I need to check on things.
I always appreciate someone who knows what they want.
You are not welcome here. Leave now, or deal with the consequences.
Just you wait until Kingpin hears about this.
This is a classy place. No more than two men per girl.
We don't cater to your type of needs, dear. Though there's a woman named Brenda Drake that might be interested. You'll probably find her browsing at the adult store.
What is it you think you're doing? No one sees my girls without going through me first. You haven't fallen in love have you?
It's time to leave. My girls need to get some sleep.
I'm sure you will find something or, rather, someone here that will catch your fancy. My girls were all chosen with creating a wide selection in mind.
I'm afraid I don't recall who you were interested in last time. Do you have a favorite, or are you looking to expand your horizons?
Ask her about our full service, full-body massage. It is, by far, our most popular package.
Carla would be ideal. She's my most experienced. You could visit with her for 100 dollars per person. Naturally, she's not my most youthful girl.
Very good. You'll find Carla at the end of the hallway in the last room on your left. The door should be open.
If you were looking for something really special, I have Cindy. She's five hundred per person. But you'd have to promise to be very gentle. We celebrated her eighteenth birthday last night.
Cindy is in room four. That would be the third door on your right. It should be open.
May I suggest Bambi for something really different. Mr. Klaus calls her a freak of nature. At 300 dollars apiece, she's someone that you'll be talking about for a long, long time.
You'll find Bambi waiting for you at the end of the hall, last door on your right.
Only people who have paid me for a girl's time are allowed back there.
You know what to do, Billy.
Maria is one of our newer girls. She's four hundred dollars a head. A little shy, likes to pretend she doesn't like it. Her room is at the end of the hall. You can be forceful if you like. She likes that, too.
Fine. Oh... and by the way, ignore her screaming if it doesn't do anything for you. It's all part of Maria's role-playing side.
Can I interest anyone else?
Didn't I tell you about our no-girl policy? Oh, well. Maybe she won't say anything. It's probably a good time to think about expanding the business anyway.
That's okay, there will be other occasions. You'll come around. Everyone does.
I'll need to be paid in advance. That's how we do things around here.
Have you had a change of heart?
The two of you may go now.
I don't understand, or perhaps you didn't. The amount is per customer, and there's a two client maximum per girl.
All my girls are busy right now. You can come back later, or you can wait if you like. Probably just be a couple minutes. Most men don't take very long.
Yes, as a matter of fact, things have quieted down.
I can't take that. I'm not sure who you want. Let me tell you who's available...
Carla, I believe, is free. She's a hundred dollars.
There's Cindy at five hundred dollars.
There's Bambi, who's simply waiting for someone with three hundred dollars and the need for some loving.
If two of you would like to split a room, just double up the amount.
We have Maria, who's not for everyone, but well worth the four hundred dollars if you like the resistant type.
I'm not having a good day. Somebody kidnapped one of my girls. Poor Maria, I get goosebumps just thinking about what they might be doing to her.
I'd rather live than deal with you! Take care of this mess first!
