Hello. I'm Martha Graham.
Hello again.
The weather has been lovely lately.
Best of luck.
I wouldn't know what to do with it.
I never thought I'd see the day Deidranna was removed from power, but I'm starting to believe I may just live long enough.
There's no reason to get mad at me. I have nothing to do with what's going on around here.
I'm just a housewife. I wouldn't be of any use to you.
Help! I need... a... doctor.
I really must be going.
Normally, I would't take money from a stranger, but we really need it. I'll see that it gets put to good use.
You go to your room, mister. And you just wait 'til your father gets home.
That boy... He's a good kid, you know. He just has a little bit of a wild streak in him. Thank you... I'll try and keep a closer eye on him next time.
My husband works up at the hospital in Cambria. He's good friends with Doctor Willis. You mention our name if ever you need him. I'm sure he'll be of help...
Joey was in San Mona, huh. Wonder what he was doing there?
I can't thank you enough. Joey seems to be doing so much better now.
I need your help. My boy, Joey, has run away from home. He's only fifteen, and I haven't seen him in three days. I've checked with everyone. None of his friends seem to know where he is.
By chance have you seen him? He has an earring in his left ear. Well...you know, they all have one these days. It really doesn't mean anything anymore...
His hair is parted in the middle. I think Joey was wearing his blue jacket, but I can't be sure. Could've had on his yellow shirt with it. He didn't pack anything, and they're missing, so he could be wearing them.
Well...maybe you could keep an eye out for him. He's probably in one of the towns. He was never much for the wilderness. Maybe Estoni? There's plenty of adventure in those junkyards.
He might have gone to the ruins in Chitzena... Or the town of Alma, nah... there's too many soldiers there. I just hope he didn't go up to San Mona. There's nothing but hookers, booze and trouble there...
If you find him, could you please bring him back? I can't ask the army, they'd only recruit him. And the last thing I want is to see Joey working for the army and her.
Have you found him yet?
I know you're really busy, and I know you've already helped me out before, but Joey is gone again. I can't find him anywhere. Could you please keep an eye out for him?
I don't know what's with that boy. He's been such a rebel lately.
It seems like only yesterday I was changing his diapers.
I'm worried sick. Joey always manages to find trouble.
Oh, my God... Oh, my heart can't take...
Why? Why?
I've been hoping to see you. I wanted to thank you for returning my Joey. I'm trying to keep a better eye on him... He's a bundle of energy, that boy. Maybe there's something I can do to show our appreciation...
Thank you for your concern.
Protect me. Please...
I have heard that the Queen is worried. She is getting desperate and will try anything to stop you. Please be careful.
