I'm Hans. How can I help you?
You are becoming a regular...
How's about massage oils? Got my whole exotic fruit collection slashed to half price.
Have I told you about our giant video clearance? Buy any rubber item in the store, and get your choice of video cassette free.
Keep it! I can barely unload the stuff I've got.
I got this great idea for a new marketing campaign: Make love, not war. Not original, but pretty in tune with the situation. Maybe I put your photo on the flyer.
The S&M stuff is in the corner.
I've got a business to run.
Ah... This is no joke.
I got to take inventory. If you're in the neighborhood, come back again.
Good. Relief with my creditors. Maybe now, the Good Vibrations Company will finally send me new stock.
It's pay back time, ya twisted schnook.
Bet you're here to see Tony, right? He's in back.
Tony stepped out for a bit. You'll have to come back later if you're looking to see him.
Just maybe if you brought back some of the ones you took, the shelves wouldn't look so empty!
For the tenth time, they're all back ordered. You've been in here for over two hours. You got three films to choose from. Let's step it up.
Oh, geez! Who's gonna clean up the mess? Look what you've done. I've cleaned up a lot of things in this place...mostly small messes. This one's gonna take all day.
Finally... I got to put up with her crap every other day. Always the same story, nuthin' but complaints. Wish I still had my bike shop, but that business went belly up when the Queen cut off the fuel supply.
Okay... Now that she's out of the way. I got a feeling you aren't here to buy marital aids. Tony is in the back. I'm sure you'll be satisfied with his selection.
You will have to step it up. It's closing time.
Man, I tell ya, this woman is a pest.
I don't know why I put up with her. Wish all my customers were like that kid I had in earlier. Bought every porno magazine on the rack. That little punk with an earring was loaded with cash.
Don't know what he was planning on doing with them, but the last time I  saw him, he was headed out of town towards the abandoned mine.
Ya... As I recall, he might have been wearing a blue jacket and a yellow shirt.
How about we talk after the crossfire?
