Well, welcome! Eldin Fiddes. I'm your information attendant here, and I double as the security guard, so watch yourself.
Hello kiddo. Miss me, did ya? Heh, heh, heh.
Yeah, it's a good job for a retiree, gotta admit. Hours and work are easy. Say, I remember when I first started doing this. I, huh... um. Shoot. What was I going to say? Ah, it'll come to me.
Yeah ask me, this war's kind of excitin'. Reminds me of the old days! Even got Commies down here! Heh. I seen a few. Heh heh. And I know what to do with them.
Uh, no thanks, kiddo.
Tell ya, there was a day when being a security guard meant reading lotsa books. Ain't the case anymore. In fact, this one time, I... uh, um. God dammit, where was I? Well, couldn'ta been that important.
Look here. I fought in WWII! Fought with the Americans in the Marine Corp! I ain't afraid of nothing, and if you think you're gonna boss me around just 'cause I'm old, WELL, you got another thing coming!
Me? Nah. Saw all the action I needed in WWII.
Soldier! Get me a medic!
Well, I do have a job to do here.
Why, thank you. Looking good now.
You're messin' with a vet!
You ask me, it's time to take cover, not make conversation.
Donations to the Museum's Fund are always welcome.
As the information officer, it's my pleasure to let you know we got Arulco's greatest treasure here. They call it, get this, "The Chalice of Chance."
Now, I don't know what kinda chance they're talking about. But I do know that they aren't taking any kind of chance with it. Heh heh heh!
Guess the Queen brought it here, oh, I don't remember when, long, long time ago. Sort of a star attraction for the people of Balime. Been attracting lots of crowds, it has. Go take a look for yourself.
Say, you really did miss a great exhibit here. Well, I should say that we really miss a great exhibit here. Yeah, The Chalice of Chance. Gone missing recently, and I tell ya, whoever's got it has a nice price on their heads now.
It was a star attraction here. Visiting it was a daily ritual for the people of Balime. Oh, I'm sure the Queen's just up in arms about it, but it wasn't my fault. Oh, I wasn't here when it happened!
Anyway, we got other stuff to look at, so you go ahead on through. Pleasure talking to ya.
'Fraid that's it for tonight, fellas. I gotta be heading on home. You come back and check out the exhibits tomorrow.
Well, just between you and me, I am getting a little tired of the hours here. You know, I am getting up there in years. Last month or so, I've been puttin' in 15 hours a day! In at 7 and out at 10. That's a bit much.
Halt! Museum security. Uh...I'll, uh...I'll shoot!
