Hey, hey, hey! How did you get in here? This is a PRIVATE wildlife reserve. What I tolerate in this job! Ahh, if I get into trouble, it's going to be your ass, not mine.
I'd like to remind you that this is a PRIVATE reserve.
We HAD a nice facility here. Now Arulco is a regular United Nations... but we're not all getting along so well.
These working conditions, really, aren't acceptable, but I'm not going to say anything. What would they do anyway?
I don't want to be caught with it.
Nothing personal, but I gotta say if I hear another "bloody" or "right" or "cheerio," I'm going to.... I don't know, get... upset.
All right, all right! Calm down already. My nerves are bad enough as it is.
No, a battlefield is no place for me.
Get a... doctor.
I should get back to work.
That was a close one.
You fool!
Maybe you could settle things down first...
We do keep certain hours here at the refuge, and you'll have to leave the premises now.
As I mentioned, this is a PRIVATE facility. We protect the Bloodcats and research their activities. There isn't much more to tell you.
This is both a conservatory and a research facility for the Bloodcats. Arulco's the only place they're found. Now, if you wish to know more about Bloodcats, I suggest you take it up with one personally.
Look, do me a favor, and just pretend like you shot me or something. If the Queen finds out what I did, she'll do it herself. But, hey, she doesn't pay me enough to be honest.
Frankly, I'm just surprised you made it in here alive.
It feels good to let her secret out of the bag. It's a load off my chest. Honestly? I was getting sick of covering up for the bitch. Just... just don't say anything to get me caught.
Hey! The guns, the bloodcats, the guards? What's another threat to my life, pal. Besides, why would you shoot me when I might know something, hm?
You ever hear about random acts of kindness? Well, this might be a good time for one.
Hey. Why thank you. It's funny about money. Always makes me feel like talking.
But, for this, that's all you get. I FEEL like talking, but I'm not DOING it.
What are you trying to buy, a vowel? Time to get serious.
Wait, wait. I feel a thought coming on here.
See, downstairs, the Queen's got something brewing. It's research all right, but it doesn't have anything to do with the Bloodcats! She's got a, well, a secret weapons plant down there. Now, I'll let you in.
But don't you dare say word one about me and this little conversation. It never happened.
I'll take your money, but I have to tell you, at this point, it's all charitable donations on your part.
Hope you didn't say anything about, you know, our little arrangement.
