You will be punished for your intrusion.
I am surprised to see you alive.
The Queen is a good woman. She is just under a tremendous amount of pressure.
It is too bad you do not know the Queen like I do.
I cannot take it.
I have no intention of telling you anything.
You are speaking with the Queen's most trusted advisor. You will show respect.
It is not even an option.
I have been wounded. As the Queen's advisor, you are compelled to offer me aid.
That is all I have to say to you.
Forgive the intrusion, Your Highness, but one of our North Patrols has been attacked!
Ahem... from what we have learned, Your Majesty, the rebels seem to have some sort of foreign aid - commando types. We speculate they arrived on the helicopter that was spotted earlier.
They may be hired mercenaries, Your Highness. There weren't many.
As you command, Your Highness.
Ahem... the rebel party seems to have used the element of surprise to their advantage, my Queen. They defeated us.
Yes, Your Highness.
Ahem... yes, Your Highness. I am. I regret the interruption, but it is important. Our reports confirm that the rebel party seems to have grown bolder, my Queen. There was an attack in Drassen.
Well, Your Highness, I regret to inform you, but they were victorious. They control Drassen, Your Majesty.
Ahem... and I would not have bothered you had it not been important, Your Highness.
The rebels have...
Not exactly, my Queen. They, how shall I say, occupy the city of Cambria.
Ahem... my Queen, I believe I do. It seems these mercenaries, while a small group, are apparently well trained and equipped. They have recently secured Alma.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Yes, Your Highness. Plenty?
No, I do have some good news, Your Highness. You are still in power. Ahem... however, it seems that the mercenaries have taken Grumm.
You would like me to summon them, my Queen?
Ahem... actually, Your Highness, it is rather bad.
Your Highness, these foreigners, these mercenaries, have overrun Chitzena. So far, however, ours has been a valiant effort.
Ahem... I regret to inform you, Your Highness, that I do indeed have a troubling report. Our north west SAM site is now in the hands of the rebels.
Perfectly clear, Your Majesty.
Ahem, Your Highness, I have an urgent report. The rebels attacked us at our north east SAM.
No, my Queen, um, rather, we were. Apparently, the guards were taken quite by surprise.
Ahem, I am sorry to hear that, Your Highness. I only wish to keep you informed on the progress of our troops.
The Central SAM has been overrun by the mercenaries. Our troops did not anticipate...
Ahem... Not exactly, Your Highness. From theirs.
Ahem... Yes, your majesty, it seems the flowers are a gift to Your Highness from the mercenaries. Perhaps they have taken a fondness toward you?
They are rather pretty, Your Highness.
Ahem... I am an idiot, Your Highness.
Of course, my Queen. I know that you are a very busy woman. But, I insisted that I see you right away. I bring GREAT news!
Yes, Your Highness, I am pleased to report that we have taken back one of the cities. The report should be coming in soon.
Yes, Your Highness! It is just as you requested, and, while I regret that your troops were not able to capture all of them, this is certainly a start.
As you command, Your Highness. Should I release them, then? It has been a most cooperative and informative interrogation.
he-heh, heh, heh, heh. You idiot!
As you command, Your Highness. Should I summon the doctor to treat the injuries here?
I am sorry, Your Highness. And I regret that I do indeed bring another troubling report.
Ahem... well, it seems, that, how should I say, the people, are, well...
Ahem, yes, Your Highness. It seems the people, your subjects, are turning against you.
Ahem... well, yes, my Queen. Reports state that some are even speaking openly against you, and there are others who are quietly getting behind the rebel movement.
Your Highness?
Ahem... Your Highness, that is not our helicopter.
Ahem... In fact, I was just now coming to report this to you. The rebel forces, it seems, have secured the services of one Mr. James Bullock, or Skyrider as I believe he is known.
Hello, Your Highness. I have...
Ahem... with all due respect, Your Highness, I feel that I can say nothing which would please my Queen, the country such as it is.
Ahem... Dr. Kairns is missing from your research facility in Orta, Your Highness. He has not been seen for quite some time, and no one is certain of his whereabouts.
Yes, Your Highness. It is so.
Ahem, yes, Your Highness, very clear.
Ahem... good day, Your Highness. I have an urgent report for you.
Ahem... with all due respect, Your Highness, you need to hear this. The mercenary forces have been spotted on the outskirts of Meduna, and...
Would you like me to extend them an offer, my Queen?
Actually, Your Highness... I'll.... I'll clean it up myself. It's not a bother, really...
Ahem... Apparently...not, Your Highness. I will try harder.
Splendid, Your Highness. What is it?
Your... Your Majesty...
But, but... Ahem, Your Highness, the Crepitus will come out! They'll kill the miners, the people, even our troops! I say this of course, with all due respect.
Very good.
I can't be bought.
The Queen will make you pay!
Forgive the intrusion, Your Highness, but Administrators in Drassen have been attacked!
Forgive the intrusion, Your Highness, but Administrators in Cambria have been attacked!
Not yet, Your Majesty.
There is good news, Your Majesty. Your quick thinking troops managed to disable it. It could take the rebels days to repair it so that it's usable.
Not keeping you informed, Your Majesty?
With all due respect, my Queen, are you certain? How do you know?
Oh, you must be so happy, my Highness. I know how much you enjoy it when your friends from Balime visit.
Yes, Your Majesty, I'll get them right on it. Just as soon as they're finished helping your friends with their bags.
As you wish, my Queen.
