We got us company! Say, you ain't related, are ya? I'd recognize my kin. Name's Daryl Hick, and don't ya be trying nothing.
Ya ferget somethin'?
Never found it wise to be friendly with strangers. And if you ain't family, you's a stranger.
Family is the most important thing to a man. I take care of them, and they take care of me. You remember that.
Nope. Nuthin' I need.
I told my family, I said, "This war will pass, and we'll all make it through just fine." Made 'em feel better. Now don't you go riling them up any.
Hold on, there. You be starting anything with me, you be dealing with the family. You remember that.
No, I got to stay here with the family. They'd be lost without me.
Damn it! This stings!
Well, I got me things to do. Imagine you do, too.
Well, that's better. Where was ya when I got that nasty infection?
That's it! Get 'em boys!
Lookit! I ain't gettin' dragged into yer fight. You take care of it first!
Hell and tarnation!
Well, I'll be! I haven't seen me any of this since the Queen cut off our assistance program! I mean, she made up fer it in other ways, don't be getting me wrong.
Yous are welcome to visit, just don't be nosin' around, starting any trouble, and for God sakes, stay off the cows. I been having problems with a few of the boys, ya see.
Look, I'm not partial to being pushed around. Think you got guns? Think you got bullets? Well, let me tell ya, I got me guns, too. And you be seeing them right close soon, unless you find some manners.
You's a cute lookin' one. Got nice teeth and all. You wouldn't be interested in relocatin', would ya? Move to Arulco and become kin. Got me more boys than I got cows.
Course, even if I had more cows, can't be makin' kin, now can they? Give you the pick of the bunch. You can marry the boy that catches your fancy...
Damn it. I divorce the wife and marry you myself if you's interested. Woman's back been on the fritz for darn near ten years anyways. So, what say, honeypie? Yous want to be a Hick?
Heehaw! We's done bagged ourselves a live one, boys. Give ya every gun in my collection for this pretty thing. Yous just head on over there and help yourself. Gots me a shed full of 'em.
Wantcha to bring this pretty-teethed girl on up to the chapel, Darrel, before she changes her mind. Don't wantcha touching her none, though. And you don't go mooing for him either there, pretty teeth.
Why ain't that a shame. I was looking kinda forward to seeing those pretty teeth of yours at the family meals. Well okay, but if you know of any other pretty-teethed woman hungry for a man, yous send 'em over to see me.
Ya know, I wouldn't mind talking to the girl over there with the pretty teeth.
