Name's Carl. I'm the head honcho underground.
Back again, huh?
Way back, I mean before all this shooting and crap started, Arulco was a magnet for tourists. Pulled in a lot of money for the country, too.
You know, every once in a while when it's quiet, I just close my eyes and pretend that she's dead and everything's peaceful again. Yeah.
No, I'd rather you keep it.
I've been around here long enough to know that this thing'll blow over. Think you might have something to do with that, too. You got my blessings.
Hey, hey, hey. Hold it down. My nerves are already frazzled. I don't need you adding to it any.
I can't. Not that I don't support you, understand? Just that I got a family to support, too.
Aw... you got anything that will help me with the pain?
Well, you're busy people, so don't let me hold you up.
Was a close one, wasn't it?
And I believed in you!
Looks like you're the boss now. Don't mind at all... I'll see how much support you've got amongst the men and put them to work immediately.
I want you to know that we'll be doing this for you to help speed things up. The sooner you get rid of her and bring peace and prosperity to Arulco, the better.
I have some disturbing news, I'm afraid. The mine is just about tapped out. The Queen has been working her hard, and now the ore is coming to an end.  We'll get what we can out of it, then we'll close her down.
I've lost one of the workers to some sorta huge insect. I know it's hard to believe, but now nobody will go back into the mine. I have no choice but to close it down.
I hope you're here to stay this time. Workers went through hell. Deidranna wasn't too happy with us. Promise me you'll do a better job of protecting us from here on in.
It's not safe to talk. Come back and see me when the fighting's over.
I'm glad to see our hard work is paying off. For a small group of guys, you sure know how to run circles around that Queen and her army.
Pleased to report the mine is back running at full speed. You have the full cooperation of the town.
I'm having a hard time motivating the workers. Some of them are wondering aloud whether you've bitten off more than you can chew.
Don't know if you're aware of this or not, but this mine's been totally exploited. We closed her down. Nothing left to extract.
Thanks. I'll make sure it goes to good use.
Those huge insects are back. I've had to close the mine again. You'd better take care of them this time. I don't know how many more times I can convince the workers to go back down there.
Well, it looks like your version of Raid worked, man. Can't find the bugs anywhere. The men seem glad about it, too. We're all back in business. Between you and me, though, they come back, we're outta here.
