














Here, the people suffer under the eye of the Queen's Administrators. They are made to work all day in the mines. There is no pleasure for them here, and little hope, perhaps, we might bring them a better life.
The famous Ruins of Chitzena are nearby. For many years, they bring tourists and money to Arulco. The war, it cut us off from the outside world, and there are no longer any treasures to witness.
The coastline of Grumm be beautiful. But do not be deceived. The pollution from her factories destroys everything slowly here, as the factories make preparations to destroy us.
There are shops here, but the keepers be too afraid to speak against the Queen. They operate in secrecy, hoping to avoid her watchful eye.
Can you feel it? There be death in the air. It is the factories. What they make will kill people before long. It is the toilet of Arulco.
There is little here but a bar, shelter from the soot and smoke of her factories. She has her eyes here, too. An Administrator, who watches the people like a hawk.
I have not been here lately, but I do know these things. There is a junkyard and a gas station nearby. There be, too, a large field. A helicopter could take off and land there.
The Queen claims that this is a nature reserve for Bloodcats. I do not believe this. I fear something much worse.
Balime is proof that the rich get richer. And here in Arulco, well, the poor, they die. The Queen's friends live here, living off the work, the honor, and the sweat of Arulco's men.
Our greatest national treasures are housed in a Museum here, and I fear that what belongs to the people will never be seen by them again. The Queen exhibits everything for her rich friends to enjoy.
You will see soon the Queen's gardens. While the people of Arulco die and suffer, she nurtures her flowers into beauty. There be no woman more evil. I am certain of it.
I have waited many years to be here, the Queen's palace. It is within our reach. I pray that nothing goes wrong now.
I have heard missiles come from this area to destroy the innocent in the sky.
We are near the airport. It is big enough to land jets. It is the Queen's access to the outside world. I have not been here since I was a boy.
I cannot imagine how they live here, like this. You may not see them, but everywhere, there be the Queen's defenses, her machine guns, and even talk of a tank or two. It look difficult for us now.
Here, there are homes and stores. It was a busy shopping area, but now it be too dangerous here to even enjoy a single minute of shopping. There are machine guns here, and soldiers everywhere.
There is a prison here, and next to it, I remember, is the Warden's house. She is an evil woman, too. I fear what she does to the men inside.

This area has missiles to shoot down planes.
The SAM site that is located here will be tough to fight for. It is of great value to the Queen. She will have it well protected.
