


There is place here where the Queen's army gets better. They do practice shooting and fighting and train to kill us. The rebels do not have place like this.
The Queen has things in building here for army. They have many good things.
The jail here, it is military jail. Soldiers who do not listen, they go here to think about it.
This jail scares me. Prisoners disappear. No bodies, no bones, no graves. Makes me wonder what happens to them.
I do not know how the people of Alma live this way, so close to the the Queen's army. She has manspy here, too. He spies and makes them be good. He makes them work in mines all day.
This hospital here is not much, but it is all we have. I was born in room here.
There was a school here. I work here at university when I was boy, but the Queen closed the doors. I was window cleaner. It was good job.
Some homes are okay here. It is where doctors live. Doctors are very smart people.
The shops, the people here, it is like old Arulco, but people are too quiet now. Queen have manspy here, and he tell her if they are bad. It is a sad way to live.
This is nice side of San Mona. Big storm start forest fire here.
I am sorry you have to see this. It is not good part of town. Women do things for money that my mother has spanked me for.
This is Kingpin's place. He is a big man in Arulco. He owns all things here, even friends. The Queen has a manspy here, too. It is a good place for bad people.
These men, they mine all day for the Queen. She keeps a manspy here to watch them.
It is nice here in the Ruins. Before Deidranna, people came to see them. Too bad no people come now.
This look like old Arulco here. It may seem pretty, but the water and the ground are rotten. The Queen has factory here that make air poison. It hurts all things.
There are shops here, but they are quiet. They don't want the Queen to hurt them.
Here, the Queen has factory. It make green stuff that glows. It is not safe for humans.
This is not a nice place. They burn coal here, and it makes air bad! A manspy of Queen watches. WE be careful.
This area have junkyard! I once find balloon in glovebox of old car, and still in little bag, too! If you need, there is a place with gas here, and near there, big field. I see Queen's plane land there one time.
This is Queen's Bloodcat farm. They say they study them like in school. But I don't know why there are so many guards here.
I do not come here much. This is where rich people live. Live good, they do.
Arulco's museum is here. There are many pretty and shiny things inside. But most everyone has not enough money to see them. The Queen take them from the people and put them here many years ago. It is not fair.
This is the Queen's garden. It is too bad she no grow tomatoes. For I would pick them to throw at her.
I am very nervous. We have reached the Queen's palace.
There are rockets here that make planes go boom!
The airport is here. It was fun as kid to come to Meduna and watch big planes take-off and land. I always dream that me fly in such machine, too.
It be very dangerous here. Many guns. Tanks. Why people stay, I don't know.
I don't like Meduna. Too many enemies here. The stores, I bet she watch them all, and the people I do not think are happy.
There is a bad, bad prison here. The warden, she is almost meaner than the Queen!
I think this is place where Queen has rockets.
We make it to place of rockets. There will be lots of Army in this place.
There are more rockets here, I think... Be ready for big fight.
