Inferiors!
Finally, the company has arrived.
I've been in better predicaments.
Another grotesque visitor.
By jove! Looks like a bloody ant, or, or worm, with kangaroo legs.
Those buggers have quite the appetite.
I heard something rather distinct, yet I am unsure as to what it was.
What an offensive odor!
It would be unwise to let down our guard around here.
Perhaps we could use Biff Apscott as bait to draw out those bloody big ants.
Blasted ants are making a picnic of me!
An article of interest here.
Something has caught my eye.
My firearm is in need of reloading.
I doubt I shall see another day... send the Queen my regards.
I prefer not to have to fight this one without you, Scope. You made our country proud.

Stephan Rothman is dead? I fail to grasp the reality of it. He was so young, so professional... so neutral.
Sorry, but I am a tad disoriented.
Oh, bloody hell! My firearm is jammed.
Rather determined blokes aren't they.
Most unpleasant! I'll be retiring on a hard surface tonight.
That was rather unsettling.
The result could be a disappointment, I am afraid.
I have a knick that requires medical attention.
My apologies, but I feel the need to retire for a shift.
I need time to recuperate.
Pity...
Good.
I can think of none more deserving. Skitz should've been made a ward of the state years ago.

I am searching for the proper way to phrase this. Haywire is FREAKING BLOODY BONKERS! Keep him away from me, please. Though I doubt this country is large enough.
So long old chum. You should never have gone against the grain.
I could rattle off a couple of bad hat jokes. However, that would be most distasteful.

Assignment completed.
Terribly sorry, but I cannot fulfill your request.
The gall... referring to herself as Queen. Cadaver seems so much more appropriate.
Jolly good! Let's hope she was the sole source of those gigantic ants.
Quite the wastrel.
This operation is beginning to leave a rather vulgar taste in my mouth.
I, for one, have always believed that there should be certain standards with regards to the personnel permitted to enter this line of work.
Seek shelter!
The equipment I have been getting appears to be bought from some manufacturer on a Saturday morning, or that shifty Irishman, O'Brien.
Tomorrow will be a better day.
The Aussies... not an ounce of class amongst them.
Refining my skills.
I assume you've weighed the consequences.
I must say, the writing was on the wall.
Apparently Skitz is on the loose! If I'm not mistaken, that's him over there.

I'd marry that girl, if she wasn't already married, of course.

That young Swiss chap is a true professional.
Sorry, but I can't commit to anything right now.
Either Mike has lost his mind, or they're paying him a bloody fortune.
Oh, lovely! Splashed into my eyes and blinded me.
Sorry but I am unable to accomplish that.
A likable enough chap.
Enemies detected in this area.
Prudence is the operative word. We have not disposed of all our foes.

I do believe I owe my firearm a thorough cleaning.
I believe we've located the imp on the run.
Fret not, Miguel. We will thwart her at every turn.
Jolly good! That's the last of them.
Can't say I didn't see this coming. There's stuff missing from this blasted lot.
I'm afraid he didn't leave us much choice. Pity.
Blasted tiger!
Bloody well right, I say! We showed them how things get done in the civil manner of the first world. Perhaps, they'll erect a statue in our honor.
The rascals have scattered. I believe they've recognized their inferiority.
I shall retire and resume work shortly.
Good, then, I'm back to work.
My sentiments exactly!
Blasted second-rate equipment!
Bloody hell... have a live one here.
Tread carefully. It could get a slight bit nasty around here.
Help me... tiring rather... help!
Right-o. I'm here and awaiting assignment.

Sorry. If I were in your shoes, I'd change my name when recruiting. Word does get around, old chap.
No. Sorry... Arulco is already rather littered with your casualties.
I am terribly sorry, but I'm on my way out to a cricket match. The chaps would be a tad testy if I missed yet another one.
It is a shame really. I was sort of hoping that you would ask, but when you didn't, I accepted another assignment.
Sorry, Sidney Nettleson is currently unavailable. However, if you'd be kind enough to leave your particulars, I shall attempt to make contact with you shortly.
I must say, I was looking forward to seeing this conflict through to its conclusion. However, I could very well be back. Tally-ho!
Sorr, but Skitz is on your team.

During my years in A.I.M., I have worked with some highly unsavory characters. Reuban springs to mind. Yet I never refused to join a team due to one of its members. However, Haywire I am afraid, has changed all that.
Sorry for the intrusion. I am currently soliciting offers for future employment and thought you might be interested in proposing a contract extension?
Jolly good! I enjoy getting those minor technicalities out of the way so I can concentrate on the matters at hand.
We are in agreement. I shall be there without any unnecessary delay.
Regardless of any personal concerns, I would never pass up the opportunity to work with Scope. Consider me signed on.

Working alongside Stephan Rothman has been an unexpected pleasure, one I would gladly repeat despite the leeriness I have for your operation.
Sorry, but this assignment was, perhaps, the worst in recent memory. I have no doubt something better will come along.
Sorry, I said...
Unfortunately your bank returned with rather distressing news. Looks like I won't be working for you after all, old chap.
It was a rather long flight, oh well... now that you know what I'm capable of, perhaps my next stint will be a tad more satisfying.
No. Sorry... Arulco is already rather littered with your casualties.
It's your choice, dear boy. But if Skitz Bonner stays on your team, I won't.

During my years in A.I.M., I have worked with some highly unsavory characters. Reuban springs to mind. Yet I never refused to join a team due to one of its members. However, Haywire I am afraid, has changed all that.
Regardless of any personal concerns, I would never pass up the opportunity to work with Scope. Consider me signed on.

Working alongside Stephan Rothman has been an unexpected pleasure, one I would gladly repeat despite the leeriness I have for your operation.
Sorry, I said...
Unfortunately your bank returned with rather distressing news. Looks like I won't be working for you after all, old chap.
Sidney Nettleson at your service.
If you won't be in need of your telephone for the next couple of hours, I'd be more than willing to fax you my references.
This is taking a tad bit longer than I expected.
And precisely how long will you be in need of my services?
You don't appear to be prepared to make a commitment at this moment. Perhaps I'll be here when you're ready. Tally-ho!


Sorry for the bother, but I thought I should mention that my contract shall be completed in full shortly.
Oh yes, pardon me, there's been a relatively minor rate adjustment.
