Iiiiaight, gotta deadface in my crosshairs!
Look at dis Bustah!
Yeah, yeah, looks like we're in for a bloodbath!
Another one of those ugly motherfuckers!
This is some c-r-a-z-y shit, right here
*Sniff* Oh some more of that funky shit right here!
Can that shit! I can hear some bustah tryin' to creep.
Hoo weee! You smelling dat?
Got that darkness coming over me, feeling like a deadman walking.
Damn, sure hope that's the last of them.....whatever the fuck they were.
Goddamn! How many more creeps they gonna send?
Hmm, that's mine now.
There! I'll share it with ya.
Shit! I need another clip, homie!
Urgh...So this is it, huh? ...Truth crushed to earth will rise again, you know that.
*Sucking teeth* Rest in peace, son.
They took out the big Viking dude! I'm gonna bring it to pain.
Guess even Reapers have to pay their dues to the main man upstairs, huh?
Err? What again?!?
Ah what the f- my baby's striking!
Fuck! Why don't you empty another clip, fool!
*Gasping* Sometimes I wished I'd never met ya!
Holy sheet that was close!
Man, What you think I am, a magician, or something?
I'm gonna need a Medic, argh.....MEDIC!
I'm am so tired. Let me sleep, son.
Whoa.....gimme some time.
Yeah, that's how it IS!
Eagle kills another roach!
Maaan this fool Lynx thinks he's the shiznit, I think he's a straight up arrogant Bustah!
 
Shouldn't this wanna-be Jackie Chan be running a 7-Eleven or somethin'?
And that's what happens when you pull a gat on me, fool.
OHHH SHIT!! That cracked open like a rotten watermelon!
Nah man, that water looks funky!
When I'm done with this, I'm gonna get me a maaad rag-tray El Camino, and a big booty bitch to go with it!
Fuck no!
Woohah! That bitch is beaten!
Awwww yeah! This cripple bitch is history.
Just one thing about this guy.....he's a fool!
This plan has got a big problem, just a shame you don't know what it is yet.
Man, it's time's like this I wish Mickey D's opened a franchise down here.

You expect me to just stand here and smile and say nothin' when you hand me trash like this?


Knowledge is king.
No man, that aint gonna work even if we had Bruce Willis in our crew.

Shit! So you like keeping arrogant cracker tin-pot shooters around? Well make some space between me an' ole high an' mighty over there why dontchya.

Ahhhh yeah! Nice shooting son.
Give that viking-ass Cobra a hand!
Damn, that Reaper's a cold stone killer! Yeah!
Where the fuck's my money!?!
You better not be playing me, either show me some green or I'm walkin'
Fuck! I can't be like no Stevie Wonder!
Open, Open! OPEN I said motherfucker!!!.....Find another brother to do your bullshit tasks!
Hey.....Make a note to the team, he's aiight.
Peel your caps back.
Those fools were quick to tuck their tails, but we'll run up on 'em.
POW!!! This is da bomb!
Respect the technique.
There's that little white boy, Joey!
Shheet, if that's how you wanna play it, son.
They just didn't know who they were fuckin' with.
Someone's jacked this shit for sure!
Looks like the drunkard got smoked!
Hooo! I aint seen a pussy that big since goin out with a 320lb ho from Oakland!
You know it! We full in effect, no one can fuck with us! Time to build me some riches!
Yeah, you better run motherfuckers! Tell that ho on her throne we coming! We coming and we aint gonna stop!
Doesn't work homie! I'm too tired.
I'm back again. I'm like a machine!
Props to that!
*Sucking teeth* Where you get this from? The thrift store?
Dirty motherfuckers! You see what they left for us here?
FREEZE! Got ourselves a leg loser here!
 
Whats up, Homie? Is this the place to crash?
