Enemy!
They didn't make us wait long.
I'm up to my hands here!
Insect!
I thought my men were just messing with me! This is against laws of nature!
The Queen is insane. How could she unleash these creatures against her own people? Can she even control them?
You heard it, didn't you?
They built a completely new ecosystem here. Hope you brought a really big swatter.
They're really pulling out all the stops.
We have no idea how far their tunnels reach. If we don't get rid of them fast they could pop up anywhere.
I'll be worm food if I don't figure something out fast!
Something's here.
Hey! Look.
I'm all out!
Aw... you got anything that will help me with the pain?
Rest in peace, John. Hope you're with your wife now.


Hold that thought... What was I trying to do?
Crappy gun got jammed.
They don't make it easy, do they?
I have a family. I'll get through this for them.
Was a close one, wasn't it?
I don't even see a target from here.
Aw... that's not good...
I need a break or I'll fall asleep where I stand.
I'm barely breathing...
Serves you right!
Squashed a bug!
Between you and me, this Cowboy fella is getting on my nerves. He keeps asking these detailed questions about my job. I don't know why. It creeps me out.
I can't in my good conscience work with a man who has blood of his own family on his hands. I don't care he's on our side, Reuban's place is behind bars... or underground.

Another Deidranna's lap dog put down.
Well, that was disturbing.
Aw... This doesn't feel right.
Pleased to report successful assignment.
Not what I signed for, boss.
This scourge was feeding on Arulco for far too long. This time she better be gone for good.
Well, it looks like your version of Raid worked, man. Can't find the bugs anywhere. The men seem glad about it, too. Between you and me, though, they come back, we're outta here.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
You're not doing a very good job at this. I'm not sure why I believed in you.
I've been around here long enough to know that this thing'll blow over. Think you might have something to do with that, too. You got my blessings.
We're under fire!
We need better equipment. These things barely keep together with a wire.
Way back, I mean before all this shooting and crap started, Arulco was a magnet for tourists. Pulled in a lot of money for the country, too.
You know, every once in a while when it's quiet, I just close my eyes and pretend that she's dead and everything's peaceful again. Yeah.
This old dog still has a few tricks in him.
You're the boss. But our sake I hope you know what you're doing.
It's on you. You should know better.
I can't stand Cowboy's obsessive crap anymore. I'm starting to suspect he wants to replace me as the foreman. It's getting too weird for me. I'm leaving.
I warned you I won't tolerate working with a murderer. I'm outta here. Don't bother asking me to come back as long as "Ruthless" Reuban is on your team.
Good work, John. I'll have to show you Santos's bar in Doran one day. Young Manny makes these fancy drinks with small umbrellas. It was all the rage with tourists before war broke out again.


Hey, just to let you know, I still haven't been paid. I'm not asking for much, but I got folks to take care of. I'm sure you understand.
For a moment I believed you were running a serious operation, but you can't even pay me my meager salary I was promised?
My eyes! I can't see a thing!
I don't think I can do it.
People like that make this place worth fighting for.
Check your guns. Figthing's about to start.
A moment of peace. Doubt it will last long.
I'll make a good use of this.
Would be a shame to not put a gun like that to a good use.
It's the Graham kid.
I can't say I am not a bit disappointed. You know where to find me when you need me again.
Pleased to report we took control of this sector.
To think they would steal from us while we're trying to save this country.
We had no choice here.
Big cat!
This country still has a long way ahead before it's back to normal. But it's the start.
We won't be seeing them again any time soon.
I need a break.
We're back in business.
Yes, I agree.
It won't work. The thing's broke.
I'd better take a closer look first.
Yeah, something's buried here.
Help! I'm drowning!
I arrived at the destination. What's the orders, boss?
