Mm hm. So you're the ones blowing everything all to hell. Well, no one's blowing me, all to hell. I'm Alex Perkolopolis. Call me Perko.
What.
I like small things, but small talk isn't one of them.
Mm hm. I repair almost anything... except electronics. Shocked myself on a hillbilly's cowprod, and I wasn't operational for weeks. Frigged me up.
What do you want me to do with this hunk a crap?
I'd give just about anything for a Tom Jones CD. Queen's frigged with all my mail, so nothing's coming in. All I've got is the Harlem Boys Choir, Greatest Hits.
Whoa. Slow down. You'll get me all excited.
Frig that, I want to have a sandwich and relax. Besides, I'll get blood all over my friggin' slippers.
This hurts worse than a good spanking...
I've got work to do.
I don't know what you heard, but I don't take money for that anymore. You want something fixed, I'll fix it, but nothing else.
Well, let's see what you need fixed. And don't be getting smart on me.
You know what I miss most? Summer sausage. You don't see it in the stores anymore. Friggin' war.
I haven't got all friggin' day.

This the crap you broke? Butterfingers...
Mm hm. Let me look.
I don't do electronics. Take it to Fredo in Rwendia.
What the... this ain't broke. Stop wasting my time.
What a can of worms! I'll have to do it slow, and it's going to cost you more for me to do it that way.
This is a no brainer.
This isn't adding up!
Mm hm.
You gave me too much. I told you, I don't do that for change anymore.
Pending any unforeseen complications, I'll have it done as soon as I can.
Friggin' waste of my time!
Get this crap outta here.
What the... I can only do so much at a time, you know.
When I get ya, I'll fix ya!
Sorry. I hurt my wrist in a scouting accident, and it's taking me longer than I expected to get your stuff done. Come back later.
What the frig! Get rid of this crap first!

I'm going home. Talk to me tomorrow if you still need something fixed.
You know, while you were down there...
Well, it's like this. After I quit my old job, I needed to make some cash. So, I started sharpening knives. Next thing you know, it's, "Hey, Perko? Can you fix this?" Then, I'm fixing everybody's goddamn problems!
I don't give a crap as long as they pay me. But I draw the line at electronics. If you can plug it in, I'm not touchin' it. You'll have to take it elsewhere.
This whole friggin' country's completely out to lunch. I don't care who you are or what you're doing here, but if you want my two cents, shoot the bitch. She's been nothing but bad for business.
