Carmen Dancio. International bounty hunter.
You have news?
Ya. This place is really special.
A word of advice. The country is crawling with people that cannot be trusted.
I am only interested... in heads.
It is a living.
Take it down a bit...
No. I enjoy what I'm doing.
Oooh, I've been wounded. Someone is going to pay...
Things are hot right now... Have to keep moving. Another time.
I am not sure what you're up to, but I'll take the cash.
Ya, that's really nice. But just whose freakin' head is it?
I have a little sideline for you, if you're interested. This country is crawlin' with wanted terrorists. Terrorists with a price on their heads. Arulco is known as a safe haven for crazies.
That's what I'm doing here. I have reliable information that there could be as many as three or four of 'em hiding out in this country at this very moment. You get any of them for me, and I'm willing to split the reward with you.
I have everything you need to know right here. Study it carefully. You need to find me, I'm usually in the southern part of the country. I feel more comfortable near the border or the airport.
Oh... One other thing, they're not wanted alive. I'll need their heads as proof that the deed's been done. Shouldn't be too distasteful for you. You are a mercenary.
Good! This little souvenir is going to put money in both of our pockets.
I need some time to get the cash together. Nobody thinking right would walk around this country with that kind of money. Give me 24 hours, and meet me at the bar in Lodenburg.
I'll need to keep the head. You will just have to trust me.
Jackpot! Looks like we've got even more money coming to us.
I believe this is yours...
I knew you'd show up sooner or later.
Here's your money... It has been a pleasure doing business, and my offer is valid if you run into anybody else with a price on their head.
Slay Ruttwen, your head is mine...
Next time... I just want the head, you understand? I thought we were clear on this.
I hear rumors... You have twenty-four hours to bring me the head of Slay Ruttwen. If I do not see it on the table in the bar in Lodenburg, you and I have no business left to do.
You know what I want.
I knew you'd think things through. God... Ruttwen's even uglier in person.
This is not Slay's head.
For the last time, I want Slay's head, and I want it now!
You and I are through. All arrangements are off!
You made a big mistake, you fool!
I don't have that kind of cash on me right now. Give me twenty-four hours, and meet me back here. I'll have it for you then.
It's not my war. You clean up your mess, and then we'll talk.
You might want to consider a career as a bounty hunter. You get to travel all over the world like an international garbage collector taking the trash out.
I was blind-sided. A stupidity. Never saw it coming.
