Darren Van Haussen. Club Manager.
Ah, yes. You have returned.
Yes. It is a slow night, but things may pick up shortly.
The club is nothing fancy, you understand, but neither is our clientele.
If you wish to make any contributions, you will have to deal directly with Mr. Klaus.
I do not wish to overstate this, but people fly in from everywhere to partake in our extreme fighting competitions.
Another slip of your tongue with me, I will not tolerate.
I am hardly honored, I have status. As Mr. Klaus' assistant, I am like the deputy mayor of Duranth.
This is no way to be. Do something! Help me!
I have a club to run.
Very good. We shall have ourselves some fun now.
It is passed last call, Gentleman. I get very little sleep as it is.
How dare you! You were told...
You will pay dearly.
The only money I handle is fight-related. You have a problem with this, you take it up with Mr. Klaus.
I would imagine you are here due to our extreme fighting competition. I would also wager a guess that you, yourself, wish to participate in this battle of courage.
All you must do is decide how much money you wish to bet. I will accept any amount between $1,000 and $5,000 dollars. Do you feel you are capable of taking on one of my fighters?
Very good. Mr. Klaus, the owner of the club, is a huge fan of extreme fighting. He insists on being here for every bout. We will get the match underway the moment he arrives.
Excellent! I shall send someone for Mr. Klaus. I am sure he will not take too long.
I see... well, there will be other occasions.
The rules are simple. Heh, there are so few of them. The fighters will enter the ring; you first, of course, 'cause you are the guest. I will ask the fighters if they are ready, and we start at the bell.
Fighters must not have any weapons, and they must stay in the ring, or they will forfeit the match. We will fight until one is knocked out...or dead. Ah yes, and no shooting from the audience please.
We're just waiting for Mr. Klaus.
Are the fighters ready?
Ah yes, we have our winner!
A remarkable performance. Here are your winnings.
That is too bad. There were moments where it could have gone either way.
Would you care for another?
Kingpin has a message for you. He wants the money you stole from him. You are not welcome to fight here until then. Two other things. There is a charge of 25 per cent for your error, and you must deliver it to him personally.
That is it! You are disqualified. You have forfeited the match.
I am sorry about this, but there will be no fighting for a while. My fighters have taken some time off to rest and train. Give them a chance, and they will be better prepared for you.
As soon as you give me the cash, we shall get this underway.
I see... Have you changed your mind perhaps?
Back so soon? My fighters are resting. If it is another extreme bout you are looking for, then you will have to come back later.
There is a betting limit of $5,000 dollars per fight.
Here to partake in another exhibition of your courage, no doubt? By now, you are familiar with how everything works.
There is no need for a discussion. You broke the rules, you forfeit the match.
I believe I mentioned that there is a betting minimum of $1,000 per fight.
Kingpin should be here soon. I hope he's in a better mood. His best hooker went missing, and he's not taking it well.
