I'm Frank. Keeper of the ale for whatever ails you.
Welcome back...
I meet all kinds. Some are more interesting than others.
I don't nip at the stuff, myself. Not at work anyway... Just weekends, and only when I have friends over. Holidays, too, I guess, if they count.
I'd prefer cash.
Money talks, bullshit walks. You ever hear that?
You don't want to be pushing yourself on people in this town. We aren't like the rest of the country.
Ya, sure, right... Think it out a bit. Surrounded by booze or bullets? It really ain't worth askin'.
What badass luck... Ya gotta get me something to drink for the pain...
I won't be far if you need me.
Muchos gracias.
So, what can I get ya?
Decisions... Decisions... Decisions...
Hey, we're open for a while yet - take your time.
Hope you aren't planning to pay for your booze with that.
I don't want to purchase anything, man. I'm running a bar not a freakin' flea market.
Hmm, interesting stuff...

But I only accept cash.



Tipping is permitted, you know.
Here ya go. And thanks for the tip.
Give me a holler when you're ready for more.
Whatever... just let me know when you're ready.
Drink up, there... or maybe you want this to go?

Look, I tried to be polite, but you're making it personal. Either you drop the attitude, or I drop-kick your nambyass-ass the hell out of here.
What are you, stupid? You don't understand English? Understand this, twit!
You weren't invited, turdfly!
Carmen was around. Told me to pass the word... He's in Lodenburg, if you're looking for him.
If you're looking for Carmen, well ya just missed him. He's headed to Lodenburg.
Over there is someone I think you should meet. I can vouch for him. Carmen comes in here a lot.
Have you checked out the extreme fighting at the club? I'm sure, it's...something ya'd get into. Just tell Darren that Frank sent ya. He'll take care of everything.
If you haven't had the chance to see Duranth, I recommend you put aside some time to spend at the Shady Lady. Ask about the full massage. It includes a facial which you will not soon forget.
You're lucky you ran into me... Kingpin knows it was you who stole his money. If I was in your shoes, I'd give it back to him personally within the next 48 hours. Course, he'll want more than you took, but he might spare your life.
Kingpin has put the word out about ya. A friendly piece of bartender advice from someone who's known him for a long time, pay every last cent of it back before they come looking for ya.
Ha, ha! Liquor license? We don't need no freakin' liquor license.
The boss is driving me crazy. Kingpin's driving everybody crazy. His favorite hooker disappeared, and he's tearing up the town looking for her.
It's been last call for the last hour. C'mon, it's time to go. I got to close it up here.
