Good to meet ya. John Kulba from Cleveland, Ohio. The Gateway to the Great Lakes.
Remember me? John Kulba from Cleveland, Ohio. The Gateway to the Great Lakes.
I used to work up at the steel plant. Been retired for over two years now.
Kind of a backwards country down here, ain't it?
I don't have any room in my luggage. My wife bought a whole bunch of those Mary Lynn caps and T-shirts from the factory in Lodenburg. Haven't got a clue how we're gonna get it all back into the States.
Just between you, me, and the lamppost, I know what's going on down here. If you ask me, they were just begging for trouble when they elected a woman in charge.
Harassing an American abroad can get you in a lot of trouble. You don't want me reporting you to the embassy, do you?
I understand why you want me. Did a long stint with the Reserve. But, I been promising Mary a proper vacation for years. She'd be none too happy with me if I joined.
Goddamn... goddamn...
Well... we'll be seeing ya.
I can't take money from you.
Excuse me... but I don't remember Lodenburg looking like this.
I'm afraid we really messed up good. Mary and I were supposed to be going to Aruba. My wife booked the tickets through one of her travel agent friends. Didn't know we were in the wrong country 'til we landed.
Mary, please, I'm trying to talk. I know the ticket said Arulco, but how was I supposed to know that's not how the Arubans spell Aruba. I mean... these people speak Arubic.
Anyway, that guy, Pablo, at the airport didn't tell us nothing about any war. He even went on about all the tourist attractions this country has to offer, including this pile of rubble.
I wouldn't trust that slippery man to park my car. Now, I'm stuck here without a safe way to get back to the airport in Lodenburg. I can't wait to get my feet back on to American soil.
I was wondering, maybe, if you can help. Could you give us a military escort to the airport in Lodenburg? I'm sure, somehow or other, I can compensate you for your efforts.
I can't wait to get on the plane and into the sky.
You're worse than them!
It's good to finally be here, but... losing Mary, it's hard to be grateful. I have no idea what to tell the children... and the grandchildren. It was a vacation I will never put behind me... Goodbye.
Can't believe I'm finally seeing this place. A dead town in a dead-end country.
Mary, do you have any money we can give to say thanks for all they've done?
Come to think of it, I have something you can use, but it's at home. They wouldn't let me take it on the plane. Customized myself a pair of real handy  sidearms to take care of any burglars that might need to be shot.
I'll send it to you once I get back. I'm really kind of proud of them. Pack one darn mean punch. Thanks for everything. I realize you went out of your way.
I can't wait to be bowling with my buddies again. Be none too soon to get all this behind me as far as I'm concerned.
You must help my wife...
Thank you... We appreciate what you've done.
Is Mary all right... She is okay, right?
We can't carry on a conversation now! It's too darn dangerous.
Ya had me a little worried there. Didn't know if I'd ever see Lodenburg.
