Well, hello there! Haven't seen you around before. Welcome to Howard's Pharmacy.
Good to see you again.
Hard to keep things in stock down here, what with all this fighting going on.
In your line of work, heh-he, I bet you go through a lot of medical supplies.
No, no, you go ahead and keep that for yourself.
Yeah, I arrived here about twenty years ago now, I guess. Thought I might be able to get a good little business going, maybe franchise even. That's kinda been put on hold for a bit.
No need to get upset! Good Lord, I'm a pharmacist, not a terrorist. Maybe you should be on blood pressure medication.
No, no, I don't think so. Use up enough bandages 'round here without me needin' them, too.
I shoulda taken... that free first... aid course.
Well, now if you'll pardon me, I got other fish to fry.
Oh, no thank you. I couldn't just take it from ya.
All right, then. Have yourself a look and let me know if there's anything you'd like.
Take your time. Things are way too rushed nowadays.
I was thinking of opening an outlet in Drasnia just before all hell broke loose. Patients would have just had to walk across the street from the hospital to get their prescriptions filled.
We might be able to do some kind of trade, if that's what you're interested in.
Fixin' to sell this, I gather.
Sure thing. Let me take a look here.
Well, I thought you mighta figured out that I'm only interested in pharmaceuticals.
Well, how can I say this nicely? Ain't worth a shiny penny, friend.
Sure has taken a pounding. Can't give you too much for it.
Sure, we can do a deal here. You'll get your money's worth.
But there doesn't seem to be quite enough here to cover it.
I thank you, and here's your goods.
Thank you kindly, and here's your change.
I appreciate your business...
Well, maybe next time.
Now hold on, don't be forgetting your stuff, here.

You're crazy! I had you all figured wrong.
That was awfully considerate of you.
I want to be upfront about a couple of things. I'm not like the rich folk that live in Asgard. I mean, I had the business here and dealt with them everyday, but I didn't share their political leanings.
I was here before Deidranna became Queen. I was just trying to keep my business going. If the truth be known, I'm glad you're here. Maybe now, everyone will get a fair shake.
Howard's Pharmacy is staying closed until things settle down. Come back then.
I have to tell you something. I know you're not a priest, but I have to confess to someone...
Deidranna was getting cyanide from me on a regular basis. She, she used it to kill off the unwanted. Actually, she had it injected into the helpless, the sick and the senile. Even babies born with any kind of deformity.
I did it because I knew she would have gotten it somewhere else and had me killed for my disobedience. I did it because I am a coward. I'm not proud. I will not speak of it again.
Well, I hate to do this to you, but it's that time. Have to lock up now.
