Welcome! Best prices in Arulco, guaranteed!
Well, well... Nice to see you again.
You know, if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't. Life just don't make the sense it used to.
Sometimes, life just sucks, you know that.
Thanks, but no thanks. You keep it.
You know, this country's going nuts lately. For Christ's sake, you even got women picking up guns now, and if you ask me, that's just a big, big accident waitin' to happen. No offense.
Hey, hey, calm down, man! I haven't done anything to you. Enough stress around here already.
I got drafted back in the eighties. Didn't go then, I ain't planning to go now. It just ain't for me. I'd rather just sit home and have the Mrs. bring me my dinner.
Man, this hurts like hell.
Well, you take care. I gotta make myself busy.
Round here, people generally choose their purchases before they pay for 'em.
Remember, I got the best prices. Let me know what interests you.
No rush. Safe in here most of the time.
Stuff moves pretty quick here. Get it in, and I can usually turn her around in a day or two.
Looks like you're interested in doing a bit of dealing. That's my game, man.
I buy stuff all the time, so if you're just looking to sell...
Sure thing, man. Let me get my manager's cap on.
Yeah, well uh... I only take stuff I can move, you know?
I'll be straight with you: I don't think you'll get a dime anywhere.
You beat this with a heavy stick? Looks rough, man. I can't give you full value for it.
Yeah, okay. Looks all right. Let me make you a deal here.
It's not quite enough to cover what you're looking to buy, though.
Right on. That's that then.
Let's see, you're covered. Got some change coming, too.
Well, good doing business with you. Keep me in mind.
You know where to find me if you get wise.
Hey, you left some stuff here.
Sorry, man... Funds are limited. Ain't got any more purchasing power.
You asked for it man... and here it comes!
Finish what you started, and then we can talk.
Look. It's nothing personal, but I gotta make a living. People see me yakking with you, and I'm back hawking porno in Duranth.
There's a good buzz going around about you guys. People starting to get on your bandwagon. Starting to smell ten years of hell coming to an end.
Cool. You saved my skin...
Sorry, man, but I got a life, too. We're closed for the night, so if you want to hurry it along, I'd appreciate it.
About the only thing you won't find here is guns. Can't keep 'em. Every time I get one to sell, one of them hillbilly Hicks comes down here and steals it. That fraggin' family has been terrorizing Aspenwood for years.
Bunch of crazy country cousins, just good for drinking and causing trouble. They live on a farm in the middle of nowhere, west of Duranth. Bloody tired of 'em, let me tell you.
About the only thing the people in Aspenwood fear more than that whacked-out, inbred family is the Army. A catch-22, that leaves those hillbillies free to do whatever they please.
Shoot 'em myself, but it's one big, happy, shotgun-toting family. And rumor has it that they have enough weapons stashed away to start their own war... Something I wouldn't put past 'em.
Now, if you were to take a trip over there and talk some sense into them, this town would very much appreciate it. Earn you some points around here for sure.
As you can see, I'm out of business, man. Fraggin' hillbillies came into town and took everything I had at gunpoint. Loaded my whole fraggin' inventory onto a couple of cows and headed off.
I got nothing to sell and no money to buy.
Finally, those Hick boys and their still-brained father have been taken care of. Made yourself a lot of friends around here. Be good for business, too. Thanks, man.
