Hungarian-born Unger is part of a new breed of explosive experts. He learned most of his trade the safe way - in a classroom. His studies included the theory behind incendiary devices, and the technical aspects of electronics and circuitry. He also took locksmithing and swimming courses, but failed the latter.

Whether it's jungle warfare or close-quartered combat, Blood Hanson is your man for the assignment. Trained in the martial arts, his ability to fling a combat knife into an enemy's neck is a sight to behold: it seems to come out of nowhere, sails an impossibly long distance, then slices through its target with unerring accuracy.
Keith Hanson is a former member of the ANC.
Rudy Roberts is one of the most dependable veteran sharpshooters in A.I.M.'s line-up. Wishing to expand on his already impressive resume, Lynx took various training courses in basic electronics, advanced mechanics, night operations, and first aid in a hostile environment.
Lynx asks that he not be placed on assignment with Buzz Garneau.
A bear of a man, Grizzly Bornell carries the big guns of battle with authority. Even though heavy weapons are his specialty, he is just as lethal empty-handed. He's a soldier's soldier - all guts and no need for glory. Not surprisingly, his combat exploits are almost always the talk of the plane ride home.

Whether it's repairing a handgun or firing off automatic weapon bursts, the ambidextrous Victoria Waters works best with her hands. Aside from working for A.I.M., Vicki spends her spare time managing Vicki's Vintage Automobiles, her own restoration and antique car dealership.
Despite constant teasing, Vicki insists on using the stairs no matter how tall the building.
Aussie whiz-kid and gadget-master Trevor Colby can turn a harmless toaster oven into a lethal weapon. He has extensive knowledge of explosives and a knack for opening doors. A practical joker at heart, Trevor takes as much delight in planning and setting a trap as he does in watching its perfect execution.
Colby may be a little inexperienced but he catches on quickly.
Helmut has moved through the ranks of this organization quicker than any other mercenary and is now firmly established as a seasoned professional. Grunty's attitude and approach continues to be exemplary, making him one of our most popular mercenaries.
Grunther has shown a strong interest in heavy weapons and night sorties.
Ivan, a former decorated Red Army Major, joined A.I.M. over three years ago. Despite serious difficulties communicating in English, he took the mercenary world by storm, breaking all kill-rate records and tallying up the kind of stats that perhaps only he himself is capable of breaking. Ivan himself says it best, "Gun, all gun, like finger on hand."
In order to improve his relationship with commanders, Ivan has enrolled in an "English as a second language" course.
The transition from fighting fires to fire-fights has been quite the success for this ex-fireman from Warsaw. His knowledge of electronics kept the outdated and under-funded Polish firehouse running. And now, his eagle-eyed vision and pumped-up persistence are keeping his enemies on the run.
Gontarski refuses to submit to urine testing.
Following in his uncle's footsteps won't be easy for Igor. His uncle Ivan Dolvich is legendary. Though Igor may be new to A.I.M., he is by no means new to armed conflict. He perfected his stealth abilities while seeing intensive action in Chechnya. And did we mention Ivan Dolvich was his uncle? A bloodline simply impossible to ignore.
Igor and Ivan are already being referred to as the Russian "I-Team."
This ex-Ranger and sniper has turned stalking into an art form. Shadow could be lurking right next to you and you'd never know it. That snow drift, sand dune, shrub, or satellite dish could easily be this master of sneak. Kyle Simmons is a soldier who has made it his business to blend into any environment for any length of time.
The Shadow brings his own camouflage supplies and wishes to make it known up-front that he doesn't share.
This mad, mumbling Scotsman is from the old school of explosives where your instructors would fly by in pieces as you quickly moved up the ranks. Spragg is a survivor. With many years of experience under his wire cutters, he takes pride in teaching those military college kids a thing or two about detonation devices.
Don't be thrown by Red's frantic ravings; the situation is rarely as dire as he believes.
Otherwise known as The Assassin, if you come face-to-face with Sheppards, chances are you're about to take your last breath. Reaper takes pride in his patience. His silent stride and lockpicking skills make gaining access to his victims easy. On a personal note, Carl gets a kick out of spitting in their eyes just before they die.
One of his former CO's described him as "too dangerous even for military service."
Due to numerous employer complaints concerning his refusal to follow orders, Fidel "Leave me alone, I'm busy!" Dahan was recently suspended for a thirty-day period. Promising a much better attitude, he was returned to active duty due to his proficiency with firearms, his fists, and, last but not least, explosives.
Fidel hasn't quite been himself lately.
Initially trained as an emergency room nurse, Fox Guzzman was recently featured in "Babes and Bullets," a prestigious monthly mercenary magazine. Her article on instructing medical personnel in the proper control of battlefield hemorrhaging was almost as highly praised as her centerfold layout. Rumor has it that Fox is equally skilled with both hands.
Guzzman has recently spent a lot of time on the firing range and it has paid off handsomely.
Whether it's sharing a spot of tea with British blue-bloods or putting a .38 slug into an unwanted nuisance, Sidney does it with poise and dignity. Nettleson combines the mannerisms of the upper crust with the lightning quickness of a Wild West gunslinger. Years of avid cricket-playing have also given him a much-feared throwing arm.

After rather heated negotiations, A.I.M. is pleased to announce that the legendary DFK annihilator, Gus Tarballs, is now a member of our ranks. Gus's induction was delayed slightly when his mobile home slipped from its support blocks while he was in the process of cleaning the septic hosing. Fortunately, his crushed right leg has healed rather nicely.
Our medical staff has recently cleared heavy weapons specialist Tarballs for full active duty.
The prim and proper Monica Sondergaard may seem to be an unlikely candidate for the rough and tumble mercenary life, but she more than meets the minimum requirements. Before settling on A.I.M., Buns explored a number of careers. She was a kindergarten teacher, geriatric nurse, Danish sharpshooter at the Atlanta Olympic games, and professional dirt bike racer.

The Iceman is back. After a short yet disastrous stint with one of our competitors - and we use that term loosely - Ice gained insight and wisdom on the merits of dealing with a professional organization. Williams owes a debt of gratitude to his best friend Magic for getting him reinstated.
Ice's patience and friendly demeanor make him an ideal instructor. His choice of weapon is an automatic.
Military trained in the treatment of trauma, Doctor Houston is virtually unequaled in giving medical aid under the most adverse conditions. On the darkest nights or during the fiercest tropical storms, the wounded can count on Spider to provide quick, quiet, and effective emergency care.
Spider owes her nickname to an older brother who loved to torment her.
Cliff's health has improved considerably since he gave up alcohol and put himself on a high-fiber diet. This is great news for potential employers since it's next to impossible to find doctors with Highball's efficient combination of marksmanship and medicine.
Highball has also turned his explosives hobby into a marketable skill.
A massive man of very few words, John Peters prefers to let his actions speak for him. Despite his experience as a U.S. Army MP, he has a concerted lack of respect for authority and angers easily. In fact, he probably spent as much time IN the brig as he did guarding it. Bull is the type of soldier who puts the grunt back into grunt work.
Bull packs more power in his punch than anyone else currently on our roster.
The Hitman's easy-going and personable disposition has made him one of the more popular and respected mercenaries in the organization. Unfortunately, Frank hasn't been taking care himself lately and his health and skills have dropped off slightly. Despite repeated attempts, Hennessy has been unable to overcome his weight problem.
Hitman has been talking about throwing in the towel and becoming a combat instructor.
Buzz Garneau's life has undergone some major changes in the past year. She had a major falling out with Lynx; they can barely stand to be on the same planet, and her tell-all book, "Under Cover, Under Lynx," has been rejected by every publisher who's seen it. While all of this has left her bitter, she has been able to channel her anger into her work with firearms.
Garneau was recently certified as an auto and heavy weapons specialist.
Lt. Ron Higgens is a former commander of the Los Angeles SWAT team. When he fell in love with his ace sniper, Raven, they managed to keep their relationship a secret up until a year ago. Once they decided to marry, the L.A.P.D. refused to allow them to continue working together, so they joined A.I.M.
He's organized, experienced, and decisive. Raider is a natural born leader and communicator.
Former L.A.P.D. SWAT team sharpshooter, Sgt. Charlene Higgens left the force for A.I.M. to work alongside her husband, Ron. They prefer to take assignments together since they operate with the precision of a solitary unit. Employers need not be overly concerned about nepotism however, as they rarely acknowledge their personal lives during work.
Raven shines during night operations.
The years may go by, but Static barely seems to age. His lifestyle and laid-back nature allow Kirk to operate best under the cover of darkness. He has served his commanders well with his mechanical abilities and knowledge of electronics. And don't be deceived by his hippie looks, peace and love are the furthest things from his mind.
Like his good friend Spider, Static can't stand the sight of insects.
A career military man, Anderson was barely out of his teens when he first joined the Green Beret. After serving with distinction, he joined A.I.M. as one of its original members and fought alongside A.I.M.'s founders in the Battle for Angetta. Len is a strong leader; his tours of duty have earned him the respect and appreciation of many.
Back in his hometown, the community-minded Anderson teaches an NRA course on the proper care and handling of automatic weapons.
Doctor Danny Quinten is a mountaineer, skydiver, and mobile medical practitioner. During Operation Desert Storm, he earned a reputation for jumping out of helicopters to treat wounded soldiers that were lying out in the middle of the sandy mine fields. Even more remarkably, Danny wouldn't call in EVAC until the patient was well on his way to recovery.
The two-handed doctor has been known to be a bit of a lone wolf.
Magic's calm, cool, and collected demeanor sets the tone for battle. In peak physical condition, he displays mouse-like movement and catlike agility. Magic can ferret out danger with astonishing acumen. And with his lethal marksmanship, he quickly and efficiently puts an end to any threat.
He's nicknamed Magic due to the way doors seem to magically open up in front of him.
Don't let his blue eyes and pretty boy looks fool you, Rothman won't back away from the down and dirty. As a diamond mercenary and security consultant, he has protected some of the richest ore deposits in the world from thieving locals, rebels, and the competition. Some say that South America hasn't been quite as well-behaved since he left.
Stephen has proven to be a fine squad leader, especially during night maneuvers.
The amiable Scully Sullivan is a long-time A.I.M. member. He's one of our most distinguished mercenaries and perhaps the most respected among his peers. Sullivan currently leads A.I.M. with highest number of combat engagements in almost as many different countries. Need someone to snap the last breath from an undesirable? Sullivan's your man.
Scully is well-known for his skills with a bladed weapon.
Jean Pierre may be a little rough around the edges, but he is extremely sharp with a blade in hand. He acquired most of his skills while working as the head doorman at a nightclub. Bar brawling and street fighting are definitely his strengths. Yet, La Malice seems to have found his calling with A.I.M., where he has honed his talents to exquisite perfection.

Doctor Huaong draws his medical knowledge from the many branches of ancient healing and modern medicine. His marksmanship may be a little poor, but Dr. Q has expertise in so many other disciplines - night operations, guerrilla warfare tactics, and martial arts - that he more than makes up for any weakness.
Dr. Q's salary is currently under review.
Edgar Smorth traded in his bike and badge to become a full-time A.I.M. mercenary. In the year he's been with the organization, Nails has exploited his knowledge about car bombs to become a military explosives expert. Despite his career change, he hasn't lost his combative edge or the substantial belly he developed as a renegade biker.
Edgar has a knack for getting into inaccessible places. Just make sure they aren't too small or narrow.
This vegetarian New Age healer has an amazing grasp of medicine for a man who's never seen the inside of a university med school. He also has a decent grasp for killing quickly and quietly. Born on outskirts of Berlin, he now calls California home where he lives in the mountains with his newborn son and ex-wife, Cassandra.

First off, a correction is in order: Sterling's previous bio mistakenly stated that she was a member of the British Special Forces when, in fact, no such service exists. She served with the British Special Air Service (SAS). A.I.M. regrets the error and any inconvenience it may have caused.
Trained in urban warfare, Scope is an expert markswoman and is well-versed in night operations.
Peter Sanderson just returned from a six-month absence. He booked off on personal leave to take an intensive physical training program and various other courses to top-off his status as a jack-of-all-trades Having lost over forty pounds, he's in the best shape he's ever been in and A.I.M., as a result, has gladly renewed his membership.
When not on assignment, Sanderson instructs a Wolverine Civil Defense Unit during the evenings.
Fresh out of med school, Doctor Dawson eagerly awaits his first assignment. His innocent and youthful appearance may prevent potential employers from taking him seriously, but rest assured: once he saves a couple of lives, he'll be shown the kind of respect he deserves.
For a man who just completed his internship, he can certainly wield a mean scalpel.
Don't mess with Meltdown. She may be smiling in her file photo, but that smile is deceptive. This mercenary is legendary; an enemy once died at her feet from fear before Meltdown had even raised her weapon. As for her taste in weapons, the bigger, the better. In fact, Meltdown has a tendency for overkill in virtually every aspect of her life.
Jessop is remarkably ambidextrous; she can easily fire two weapons simultaneously.
A real Russian hard case, Kolesnikov honed his skills as a Spetsnaz operative in Chechnya before dicovering the advantages of the dollar over duty. Unfazed by anything a battlefield can throw his way, he is a dedicated soldier, preferring to work alone and happiest when he's behind enemy lines. A man of few words, it's easy to see why he has earned the nickname Monk.
His relationship with Ivan deteriorated after a "discussion" over the subtle differences between the AKM and its variant the AKMS.
Janno spent years of his life as a grease monkey in the Soviet Army. After the Cold War ended, he became a soldier for hire. It hasn't taken him long to get a taste for the finer things in life, and he is equally at home with a glass of fine brandy as he is with heavy weapons. With a knack for getting into places he shouldn't be, he keeps himself in top shape in case anything kicks off.
Janno prefers to work together with his fellow Estonian-German Vilde, whom he met while stationed in East Germany.
A born leader of men, Scream is a love him or hate him type of guy. A tough upbringing in Siberia has given him a unique take on life, or more specifically, death. Apart from his combat skills, Scream brings a whole new level of weird to a campaign as Dr. Q will testify, but if the conditions are right, he might just be your man.
Happy to go wherever his compatriot Brain goes. Both men became mercenaries after the Soviet withdrawal from East Germany.
This former NVA soldier doesn't mess around. Although new to A.I.M, Henning is an old hand at killing and a real Prussian powerhouse. He has already established himself as a must-have on any operation where large-scale resistance is expected. An expert with both auto and heavy weapons, his tactical insights can turn the tide of any engagement.
Henning's hatred of all things New Age has led to tensions between himself and Thor.
Not exactly living up to his nickname, Lucky had the misfortune of working with Malice on his first assignment. Unsurprisingly, a misfired 9 mm round can sour any working relationship. Fully recuperated, he has thrown himself into being battle-ready, and if he can shoot as well as his personal website claims he can, his enemies won't stand a chance.
Luc has been known to describe himself as a "walking weapon".
After years of living on the run, the Romanian-born Laura Colin fled with her parents to Germany, all while still only a child. Deemed enemies of the state, she inherited a deep hatred for dictators from her exiled parents. A student of medicine, Laura followed her partner Rudolf Steiger into the mercenary world and became a passionate and capable field medic.
On a training course for automatic weapons, Dr. Colin developed a strong dislike for Buzz Garneau.
Born in New Jersey into an Italian-Hungarian family of acrobats, Grace's childhood was far from ordinary. Having narrowly avoided being married off at a young age by her mother, preferring the freedom her brothers enjoyed, she left home to pursue a life of adventure. Her accent and her mother's meddling have managed to keep up with her, though.
To her mother's dismay, as a young girl she perfected the art of knife throwing, easily outclassing her brothers.
This former GSG 9 man has only one weakness... Dr. Laura Colin, whom he met while receiving treatment for sunstroke. He persuaded her to join him on an excursion and won her over with his ability to shoot the nuts out of a squirrel's paws from 3 km away. He still acts as a consultant for the GSG 9, mostly on their night ops courses.
Rudolf is not afraid to let you know what's on his mind.
Few people ever expected to see Boss Hatchet back in the mercenary business, but back he is, perhaps enticed by the ever generous paychecks and exciting travel opportunities. Known as the fixer of the unfixable, Boss' deftness with a wrench is as fearsome in hand-to-hand combat as in the workshop.
Hatchet is currently a partner in Victoria Waters' vintage car restoration and repair business.
Too slippery for even death to catch him, Johnny Edwards slithered out of Maupaa several months after the incident in which he was reportedly killed. Rare as it is to survive a penetrating gunshot wound to the head, our medical staff has declared Edwards healthy and fit for duty following a rigorous battery of tests, and Snake himself insists that he is ready to take on a new assignment.

Back as a probationary member, Alan Webster's dishonorable discharge from A.I.M. was amended when new details came to light concerning the incident in Maupaa. Webster is adamant that he won't hesitate to shoot first ever again, and the multiple courses on rules of engagement and sufficient use of force he's completed since with flying colors attest to his determination to better himself.
Webster is both a competent medic and technician, and skilled at creeping about in silence.
Following a series of disagreements and unfortunate misunderstandings, Major Scallion pre-emptively terminated his long-term consultancy contract with the North Koreans before they could terminate him. As the Major puts it, armed mercenary work is both more fulfilling and less hazardous than consulting for dictatorships, and he has decided to rejoin our organization.
A decorated veteran, Spike Scallion's leadership skills and expertise in unerringly filling people with holes are reflected in his substantial fees.
Coming as a surprise to everyone involved, most of all Jimmy himself, Upton was recently acquitted of all burglary charges following a review of his criminal case. The locksmith-turned-mercenary is now looking for job opportunities abroad, and while he claims to have no outstanding warrants in any country, he maintains a list of locales he would rather steer clear of.

We're pleased to confirm that the recent reports of Captain Bob Adams' death in a plane crash have been greatly exaggerated. Surviving the ordeal with only a minor concussion and a newfound fear of flying, Adams has indicated interest in returning to the mercenary business, and A.I.M. welcomes him back to the fold with open arms.
A one-time USAF fighter pilot, Captain Adams has also distinguished himself as a capable ground combatant and communications specialist.
The indomitable Colonel Leo Kelly has recently returned from a prolonged international tour of combat spanning from Southern Europe to the remote jungles of Napir, and we are exceedingly glad to have him back among the ranks of A.I.M.'s active members. A true mercenary's mercenary, the Colonel's extensive combat record places him firmly as one of the finest fighting men presently in the business.
Colonel Kelly is proficient with a wide range of infantry armaments and an experienced technical consultant for Hollywood action films.
Vincenzo Massimo fought a long and gruelling campaign in the courts to clear himself of all racketeering and tax evasion charges, and contrary to our expectations, it paid off. With the help of the best lawyers his meagre savings and a sizable loan could buy, Vinny the wiseguy is now a free and deeply indebted man, eager for work anywhere, at any time, and for remarkably cheap rates.
A fixer of things both mechanical and otherwise and handy with knives and handguns, Vinny is a versatile foot soldier for any dubiously legal operation.
Stubborn and tenacious to a fault, Timothy Jenkins, or Leech as he's fittingly known, has been reinstated as a probationary member of A.I.M. following his years long campaign of attrition against our HR department. We would never have even considered it were it not for Leech's superb marksmanship, and we're doubtful he'll ever manage the transition back to full membership.

After Mr. Moffat caused a ruckus by turning up as a guest to his own funeral, an investigation revealed a complex and intricate fraud involving several of Marty's relatives and personnel at the hospital he was interred in at the time of his alleged death. With details too convoluted to explain concisely, suffice it to say that Kaboom has returned to active duty, against our better judgement.
Difficult as it may be to believe, Kaboom is a well-qualified explosives expert, as long as he's not left to wander off on his own.
Lt. Bud Hellar's career in the world of large corporations culminated in a short stint as a security guard for Exxon Mobil. Despite his reputation as a staunch defender of the establishment, the salary of a low level corporate employee proved deficient to ensure Hellar's continued loyalty. He has since signed back on with A.I.M. where his military training and skills are properly compensated for.
Lieutenant Hellar is always prepared to spill the beans on any and all interpersonal drama he catches wind of.
While a well-adjusted personality isn't as rare among our explosives experts as it once was, to this day the versatile Russel Hunter remains one of A.I.M.'s most psychologically stable members. Returning to active duty from an extended leave of absence as a special effects consultant, Rusty is a seasoned pyrotechnician and combat demolitionist whose skills are always in high demand.
Rusty has developed a particular liking for nighttime operations.
A distinguished medical professional, Mark Kranhuim has over a decade of combat casualty care under his belt. After spending a short while in early retirement due to issues caused by his wandering right eye, Mark opted to undergo corrective surgery last year in order to rejoin A.I.M. With most of his eyesight troubles gone, he is undoubtedly one of A.I.M.'s finest battlefield doctors.
Needle has the uncanny ability to slip a knife between the ribcage of an unsuspecting enemy as easily as he administrates a flu shot.
Finding success as an independent mercenary requires a well-rounded skillset and flexible personality, and Patrick Philips has always struggled with the latter. Deciding to focus on his strengths, Screw abandoned his freelance career in Eastern Europe and reapplied for A.I.M. membership. A capable repairer of revolvers and rifles, Screw is also comfortable putting them to good use in the field.
During his tenure as an independent, Philips greatly improved his knowledge of battlefield communications and radio operation.
Dissatisfied with the lack of high-stakes gun battles, Gary Roachburn recently left his short-lived position with the Boy Scouts of America to make a comeback as a soldier of fortune. A scion of the great Roachburn family of mercenaries, Gary's specialties lie in the deployment and hauling of heavy weaponry and keeping commanders informed of the thoughts and intentions of their subordinates.
Gary has cited the official Boy Scout Handbook as the primary source of his newfound knowledge of combat demolitions.
Presumed dead following an explosives-related mishap, Smoke Peterson surprised everyone and disappointed many by emerging relatively intact out of the ordeal. Known and widely disliked for his pranks involving short-fused explosive devices, Smoke remains with our organization solely due to his undeniable and considerable skill with bombs and grenades of every type.

Returning as a part-time member, the quiet and unassuming Anita "Mouse" Backman moves past hostile patrols and enemy positions as covertly and silently as her namesake animal. An expert in disguises, Mouse prefers to avoid direct confrontations and fair fights as much as possible.
Backman works best alongside Dr. Margaret Trammel, her close friend and business partner.
Previously on permanent medical disability, the Venezuelan-born Hector Alvarez has spent the past few years painstakingly rehabilitating his combat injuries. A living testament to the resilience of the human body, Alvarez rejoined the ranks of our active members earlier this year after passing his fitness and physical tests with remarkable ease.
A fast runner and an expert in bladed implements, Hector is at his best in close quarters.
The call of the battlefield can often be difficult to resist for retired veterans of armed conflict, and Dr. Margaret Trammel was no exception. Back on duty as a part-time member, Stella brings with her an impressive physique and years of experience in mercenary medicine. She is a dependable asset to any team looking for a capable medical specialist.
Dr. Trammel prefers to work with her partner Anita Backman.
Mr. Ebstern's wish for one last hurrah in the mercenary world was unexpected, but we could hardly refuse a retired member with a respectable service record stretching all the way back to the founding of our organization. In spite of his uneven health and faulty memory, our medical staff has graded Moses as "passably fit for duty".
In the years he spent in retirement, Moses launched a succesful New Delhi-based restaurant that specializes in smoked meats.
A long career of medical practice in subpar or nonexistent facilities, both with A.I.M. as well as various medical charities, has afforded the calm and collected Doctor Koolhan an admirable ability to operate on his patients even in the direst of battlefield circumstances. Returning as a part-time member, Doc is somewhat selective in choosing his assignments.
Koolhan spends several months a year working for Doctors Without Frontiers.
Knowing his distaste for battle, we're not quite certain what spurred Dr. Shudlem to return to the mercenary business, but the casualties of combat all around the globe will surely be thankful for it. A battlefield surgeon of unmatched talent and intelligence, Mitch is also an accomplished obstetrician, well prepared for the improbable occasions where a warzone delivery has to be carried out.

Though Howard Melfield has slowed with age, he continues to serve as an effective member of A.I.M. A mercenary with no particular specialization, Carp is well-liked within the organization, and when he's not on assignment, he pulls triple duty as the person in charge of members' Health and Safety, Retirement and Dental plans as well as the chairman of the office Christmas Party Committee.
Carp will relay all the team scuttlebutt with the precision of a poet, a skill he has cultivated throughout his many years with A.I.M.
