We can't even begin to list the number of battles Biff Apscott has witnessed. His experience, dedication, and willingness to part with his retirement fund have made this agency what it is today. In a private moment between warriors, Col. Leon Roachburn once said Biff is "a fearless leader of men. A man without equal."
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training for M.E.R.C. and is a silent partner in the business.
Killing is Frankie Gordon's specialty. He's not particular about how he kills, just as long as he has fun doing it. Haywire may not be considered a marksman, but he does exhibit a certain fascination for automatic weapons and seems to handle them with ease. The same could be said for his talents with sharp knives.
Frankie is working on improving his people skills.
Doug Milton was born and raised in the foothills of Kentucky. When he dropped out of school in the fourth grade, he worked at his father's service station pumping gas. When his sister replaced him at the garage, he was an accomplished mechanic. He's been a bit of drifter since he left the family business and now he seeks his fame as a mercenary for hire.
Gasket lists his hobbies as "squirrel shooting and road sign collecting."
Razor's attention to detail and finesse with a blade saved him from being nicknamed "The Butcher." Ask him why he prefers a knife to a gun and every time he'll say, "so much noise, so little challenge!" He takes pride in his ability to carve the alphabet--or at least the vowels--into his victims before they bleed to death.
Razor Lamont has been occasionally called certifiable. And he is indeed certified--certified in killing!
The daughter of vineyard workers, Florence Gabriel spent most of her childhood in Cognac, France before moving to Pittsburgh. After settling in the U.S., she took a job as the bookkeeper to a major gun dealer where she acquired extensive knowledge on the value of firearms. Slightly hesitant, but bright, Flo is simply priced too low to pass up.
Florence volunteers with illiterate adults during her spare time.
Tim is a brilliant explosives expert who catches on quickly. When it comes to explosives though, there really isn't much room for error. Tim Hillman would probably still be enrolled in Harvard, doing graduate research in electro-magnetic fields, if it wasn't for a couple bouts of severe depression...possibly due to his constant exposure to EMF.
Due to acute allergies, Gumpy prefers to work in northern climates.
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.
Jim Wallace is one of the few cadets ever to get a perfect score on every final exam at military college. Of course, it didn't hurt that his father wrote the school's military code of conduct. He's a master at conventional mercenary skills and a pro with automatic weaponry. Always by-the-book Cougar is highly professional, possibly M.E.R.C.'s top performer.
Even though he's a man with strong opinions, Cougar has the military background (and discipline) to keep them to himself.
Tim Sutton suffers from a bad case of visual offensiveness and no one has been willing to give him a break. His bad haircut and neck tattoo have hindered this mercenary's career pursuits despite an otherwise impressive resume that includes martial arts and night ops training. His marksmanship and medical abilities are also excellent.

Aside from his sheer size, Thorton is famous for being the first prison guard to ever be dismissed from the Alabama State Correctional Department for brutality towards inmates. The precise details of this chain-gang boss' infractions remain unclear as we weren't about to ask.

As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as an independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.
One of our more colorful warriors, Tex Colburn has returned to the mercenary life. As a star of Japanese westerns, he played the lead role in "Much Dust, Many Bullets," and has received glowing reviews for his roles in the classic films "Attack of the Clydesdales" and "Have Honda, Will Travel." Tex is quick with a .357 in each hand, and travels with his own stage make-up.

When you need the very best, turn to Col. Biggins. His experiences in guerilla warfare in South Asia have given him a sharp aim with a rifle and unique skills with traps and explosives. Col. Biggins will gladly share his experiences, even without being asked. He just demands that servants carry the heavy gear.

A newcomer to M.E.R.C., Jack Durham substitutes combat training with remarkable zeal and enthusiasm, proving that you don't have to be a seasoned ex-soldier to make it in the mercenary trade. A postal worker in his previous career, Postie channels his past grievances, first with the postal service and later with the union representing him, into an inexhaustible source of motivation.

"Unusually Ruthless" Reuban originally earned his moniker with a cordless hedge trimmer, and the same gardening appliance was the tool he used to facilitate his escape from a Romanian prison earlier this year. When he quite unexpectedly showed up on the doorstep of our main office with a trimmer in hand, we simply could not refuse his demands for employment.
As our most economical recruit, Reuban is an excellent choice for exceptionally lengthy assignments in distant locations on the far side of the world.
The legendary patriarch of the Roachburn family has been in the mercenary trade longer than many of us have been alive. Recovering from a nasty grease fire accident in record time, the Colonel opted to transfer to M.E.R.C. following a dispute over medical insurance with his previous agency. Famous for his razor-sharp tactical acumen, the Colonel is unparalleled as a field commander.
Colonel Roachburn is willing to take on assignments anywhere in the world, as long as it's far away from his children.
A special operations veteran, Gregory Block served in the top secret Studies and Observations Group during the Vietnam war, and he has spent the years since as a professional gun for hire. In better shape than most soldiers half his age, Spooky's expertise in infiltration and jungle warfare is unmatched and his marksmanship and skill with bladed weapons almost without equal.
Spooky owns an impressive assortment of trophies and souvenirs collected from warzones all across the globe.
The youngest of the Roachburn family, Megan's return to the mercenary trade was spurred by her desire to spend more time with her brother Larry. Sparky has augmented her extensive skills in the field of mechanics with further technical education, and she is currently one of M.E.R.C.'s more accredited repair and maintenance specialists.

Fresh out of witness protection after the last of her stalkers was imprisoned, we here at M.E.R.C. are excited to welcome Mary Beth Wilkens into our ever growing ranks of affordable and highly qualified professionals. With her impressive medical knowhow, gung ho attitude and pretty face, Mary Beth is a versatile addition to any team.
Wilkens loves a good gossip and has no qualms about snitching on her fellow squadmates.
As tough and sharp as the combat knife that carries his name, Samuel Garver is back from retirement, at least for the time being. Bored of alligator ranching and inspired by the example of his close friend Leon Roachburn, Sam Garver chose to continue his mercenary career with M.E.R.C., and we are proud to have him in our roster.
Age seems unable to catch up with Sam. His health remains exemplary for a man of his years, and he assures us that his skills are as honed as ever.
The Reverend Clyde Potter has had a long and illustrious career of putting the fear of God into the enemies of his clients. A falling out with his previous employer brought the Reverend to M.E.R.C., and while we have our own reservations concerning the enthusiasm and volume with which he preaches the gospel to our personnel, Potter's effectiveness on the battlefield mostly makes up for them.

The soft-spoken Edward "Ears" Stockwell has spent many years selling his loyalties and talents as a gun for hire to the highest bidder. Exemplifying the ideals we here at M.E.R.C. hold dear, Stockwell is a versatile, adaptable and most importantly affordable jack-of-all-trades and a master of battlefield communications and surveillance.
Ears has a particular knack for keeping his employers posted of all the latest rumours within the team.
Known for his key role in the Watergate break-in, Elroy B. Tolken has spent the years following his lengthy prison sentence as a soldier of fortune, putting his mastery of infiltration to more profitable and less legally risky uses. Whenever stealth, covert action and disguises are called for, Elroy is the right man for the job.

Roger Wittman is a man of many talents. From starring in a popular children's TV show to detonating TNT in combat on a small island in the South Pacific, Dyno has done it all. His friendly demeanor and charming voice conceal a flexible demolitions expert who is always ready to try his best, no matter the task at hand.
Dyno is also always willing to sign an autograph or two for his adoring fans.
In the wake of multiple allegations of abuse of authority, Herman Regents quit his job as a probation officer in Chicago. Unfairly rebuffed by the mercenary organization he once worked for, Regents approached M.E.R.C. instead, and we were pleased to accept him. An accomplished competitor in the National Police Shooting Championship, Herman's size belies a lightning quick draw.
While he no longer works in law enforcement, Turtle still prefers to be called Sergeant Detective Regents.
Fit as a fiddle and healthy as a horse, in just a few short years Hurl E. Cutter has established a reputation as one of the most physically resilient individuals in the mercenary trade. His impeccably healthy lifestyle and religiously strict regime of monthly doctor's checkups ensure that when the bullets start flying, Hurl will be the last man to keel over from blood loss.
After so much time spent in the doctor's office, Hurl has picked up a surprising amount of medical knowhow. He's also quite the gossiper.
Recently released from Saint Michael's Hospital for the Criminally Insane, Bruce Bonner is a qualified explosives expert of some renown. Formerly a member of a certain competitor of ours, Skitz has on several occasions asserted that switching over to M.E.R.C. finally allowed him to turn all his fantasies into reality. We are proud to receive such high praise from a specialist of Skitz's caliber.

On the run from his vengeful wife and several others he has tattled on over the years, Willy Augustin, also known as Weasel and Mouthpiece, is a mercenary with several years of experience. A snitch through and through, Weasel's specialty lies in the acquisition of information, usually pertaining to the moods and intentions of his colleagues.
A longtime radio amateur (much to our surprise), Weasel is also adept at battlefield radio communications.
Currently known in the WWF as "The Masked Mercenary", Carl Goodman's renewed side career as a soldier of fortune with M.E.R.C. makes him the only mercenary-themed pro wrestler who is also an actual mercenary in real life. With his brute strength and fearsome hand-to-hand fighting skills forged in the wrestling ring, Goodman is the foremost unarmed combat specialist in our roster.
Most still refer to Goodman as "It" due to his size and demeanor, and because "The Masked Mercenary" would be a lousy nickname for an actual mercenary.
Mercenary doctors of such talent and integrity as Bernie Gloveless are few and far between, and when we here at M.E.R.C. caught wind of his discharge from our competitor, we wasted no time reaching out to him. Currently in charge of our in-house medical services, for the right price Dr. Gloveless is also prepared to put his brilliant operating and examination techniques to good use in the field.

Here at M.E.R.C. we don't believe in mandatory retirement ages, and we are more than happy to welcome Murray McGillicutty into our ranks following his departure from A.I.M. A veteran of both World Wars and quite possibly every other conflict since, the venerable and mythical McGillicutty is undoubtedly the oldest fighting man alive, possessing a small army's worth of combat experience.
When not on assignment, Pops manages a web-based Funeral Salon specializing in respectful internment of mercenaries.
A genius mechanic, Walter Yuntz was almost forced to give up the mercenary life after an unfortunate accident during laser eye surgery left him blind. With the help of experimental treatments and novel optometric techniques, M.E.R.C. is happy to report that Yuntz has regained most of his vision and is ready for field duty once more.
Wally is diligently working on developing his marksmanship skills. According to our instructors, notable improvement is expected to occur within the decade.
Providing superb medical care at affordable prices is a crucial part of M.E.R.C.'s mission statement, and Dr. Eli Summers delivers on both fronts. This highly qualified physician can be relied on to remain unfazed by even the most devastating of setbacks encountered in the field, ready to perform life-saving surgery at a moment's notice.
A professional-level golfer in his free time, Dr. Summers' swing with a three-iron is downright lethal in melee combat.
Lance Fisher originally joined the mercenary trade after a short stint with the Indiana National Guard and an even shorter stint, a weekend, in Grenada. Although he's currently a highly regarded instructor of ethics and tactical withdrawal at Westpoint Military Academy, we've managed to bring him to our roster with the help of another veteran and Lance's brother-in-arms, Biff Apscott.
Fisher's recently released second book, "The Art of the Retreat", is available at a substantial discount to anyone who hires him.
The Scottish-Jamaican Dr. Raffitto Leevon is an exemplar of the medical profession. Few doctors in the mercenary trade can boast a track record as impressive as Raffitto's, who assures us he has never received even a single complaint from his patients. Formerly with A.I.M., Raffi's decision to switch to M.E.R.C. is yet another sign of our ability to successfully compete with the industry giants.
When he's not saving lives, Dr. Leevon pursues a musical career with his Cajun-funk band, Rotis and Haggis, as his alter ego Dr. Raffiman.
Wink Dickerson had a good run as a pitcher with the Montreal Expos, but the team's prolonged economic troubles and inability to pay Wink a proper living wage forced him to forgo his passion for baseball and return to the mercenary trade in search of better pay. Always on the lookout for experienced talent, we were quick to recruit Dickerson into our ranks.
With the meanest throwing arm in the business, Dickerson is a real terror with hand grenades.
M.E.R.C. founder, a living legend, the man who once dropped on Metavira with nothing but a screwdriver and a pair of pliers, managed to fight his way through the jungle and single-handedly finish off the treacherous Lucas Santino, and who later, despite struggling with incompetence and corruption within A.I.M., brought the entire DFK down to its knees, is back on duty!
Speck has yet to retake some of the physical and marksmanship tests, and his scores are obviously out-of-date (and severely understated).
John Kulba, the Commando of Cleveland, Ohio - Grunt from the Great Lakes. Once a sharpshooter (in the reserves) and a commander (in the neighborhood watch), following the death of his wife, Mary, he decided to live out his lifelong dream of becoming a soldier of fortune.
Kulba specifically asks for assignments in Arulco.
Elio was one of the key figures during the Metaviran campaign. As a native guide he led mercenary forces through the swamps, forests and deserts of Metavira, while under heavy enemy fire. Countless men owe him their lives, as he kept them safe from some of nature's most dangerous predators - the carnivorous eels that infest the murky waters of the island.
The skill with which Elio slices up his enemies is comparable only to our own proficiency at slicing down prices.
Another Metaviran veteran, Juan earned his reputation as a man capable of maintaining weapons and equipment in the hard conditions of Metavira's hostile environment, keeping rust, water and dirt at bay with ease. Some survivors of the conflict say his mechanical skills are almost equal to those of the legendary Speck T. Kline himself.
Recruiting Juan is just another step in the struggle to provide our benefactors with economic, yet able personnel.
Wahan, a Metaviran native, was responsible for keeping soldiers' morale up throughout the Metaviran conflict. He's an experienced healer of both spirit and body, even if he lacks a formal medical education. While his treatments are highly unorthodox, their effectiveness has been proven beyond a doubt.
Bringing Wahan into our ranks was quite a challenge, as our headhunter had to negotiate it with the tribe of, well, actual headhunters.
