Ah? Well-la hello! Goodness, you scare me! It has been some time since I've seen someone like you here! Whoo... I am okay now. I do not like soldiers...
Oh, You have returned! Welcome!
Si, I like to sew, sometimes such simple things let me relax here.
I do not know how this place will survive. I do not know how much more de people can take. When you mercenaries first arrived, we thought things would get better. But sometimes it seems worse than before...
No, I no need anything, but thank you.
Sorry. I'm so worried about my sister... Tyra, yes, the one who used to be vice governor! She has been in hiding since the raids, but I always used to get messages from her, telling she was safe. But now I have not heard from her for weeks.
Please don't shout, I can't take it!
Oh, I would be no good to you. Men and guns scare me.
I must...I must see a doctor!
I must get back to work now.
Maybe there is something you would like me to do? I can't just take your money.
Is there something you need sewn? Let me see what you have.
Take your time. There is no hurry.
Yes, I can sew very fast!

Would you like me to take a look at that?
Let me see how much work dey need.
I am only able to sew.
No. There is no need to fix dis.
Well, this will take some work! I will have to charge you a bit more.
Oh yes, I can fix dis. I can make you a good price, too.
You don't have enough here, love.
Thank you. This is perfect.
Thank you. Here is the extra money...
It's been my pleasure. You come back and see me tomorrow. I'll try and have it ready for you den.
Well, when you think what you want, you tell me.
Is there something you forgot?
Well, there is no much more I can do with only two hands! I will work on dis, and then you give me more when you come back.
Oh! Never trust soldier!
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm busy here. You come back later and I'll try to get your stuff ready, okay? Thank you.
What? No, I can't talk now! I fear for my life.
I'm sorry, but I cannot help you. What will happen to the children and the business, if I do it? I hope you understand.
You will free us. I know dis. And I thank you.
Well-la! Long day! Is finally time for me leave. We're closed now.
Gracias, so kind!





I teach the children here now, Drassen and it's people's are always looking for clothes since the embargo, so we make the things we need here in class. But we have very little fabric.
Tarps is another thing I fix, a lot of the roofs are no good here in Drassen.
There's no time for conversation. Let us get to business. Someday, we will return to de peaceful Arulco that I loved as a child.

Oh this silk will be so useful, and there's so much of it!
Here, I saved this for you. It's made from the strongest Bloodcat pelt, and I back-stiched it myself. Even the thread is waxed, you couldn't get better even in North America!
