You...You know who I am? You don't know who I am. I am Cockeye!
Hey fellahs, the gringos are back!
Y'know, you not funny. Doreen was more fun than you.
Why don't you putas go an drink somewhere else.
A bribe for me? Who are you trying to impress with all your peoples.
How much they pay you anyway? How much to walk around like some maricón in camo pants.
Are you threatening me? You know who I am?
And why would you think I'd want to work for anyone?
Ohhh....Oh!......you got me good, but I've had worse.
Huh? Beso mi culo!
Ah you gringos, always so quick to flash the money around. But if you think I am gonna jump for it, you better think again.
That's right, this little bar, this is where I entertain myself. Look at all these Pendejos, they think helping the rebels will help themselves, but I see no help, I see Drassen going to ruin, just like old Chitzena!
You mercernaries, you come and go like the oil men, you treat Arulco like it's some frontier land for the takings.
Me, I was born here, all the peoples in this bar know me, and they know when to keep their trap shut when it comes to me, and the Queen! It was like that before you came, and it's like that when you leave!
These peoples? These peoples are sheep! It takes a man like me to keep them in line, without me these babosos would end up walking in traffic, or falling down an oil well!
Qué chingados! If you want to bitch to someone about your life story go pay a puta to listen.
Okay....Okay! They know no different, I know no different! Maybe I hit them a little hard, but I hit them like you'd hit an unruly brother, you know. I not mean any harm. You just gotta be tough with peoples.
So it's all okay, yes? Arulco's had tough times, tough times make's a man hard y'know.
I've got to straighten out, spending too long time in this bar, too long in this town! ...Maybe I head South, learn to farm again, maybe some fishing! Yeah, this town won't miss me, I know this!
Gringo Cabron! I'm gonna split your head open!
No. No! I deal with it!
Deidranna is watching. She has eyes and ears everywhere, even here in this poso. Mark my words, gringo, when she finds out what you doin, you'd wished you'd never landed in Arulco.
You loco, gringo! LOCO! Is no time to talk!
Heh, heh for a gringo you not so much of a pendejo! *Slurp*.....ah....mmM! ...Oh that asiatico cabrona Natsuko! She always whining... whining, WHINING! I wish the guards in Tixa had locked her away for good!
