Can I help you? Take a look around, everything here's on offer.
Oh, it's my favourite customer...good to see you again.
Soldiers? Criminals? Mercs? I have more trouble competing with the Chinese and their cheap knockoffs!
Ebay? You think anyone is going to want to buy my merchandise on ebay?
Errr, no thanks. I got excess stock as is.
Gotta watch your back here, I used to have a guard dog til some mad woman accidentally let off her shotgun in the shop. That bitch does her shopping six feet below now.
Easy Chief, eaaasy! There's enough craziness out there I don't need any in my shop!
Yeah, you must've been around a few years ago, Keith the previous owner ran off with a latino girl after he sold a motherload of small arms for scrap overseas, he figured the Queen wasn't going to like it when she got back on the throne.
Oh man, and I'm out of bandages til next week.
Take it easy, I got to see if I can dig up some old orders that went missing.
Er, don't you wanna pick something first before you give me the money?
Everything is cheap here. You're bound to find something that catches your eye.
Take your time Chief, we got plenty of it.
Well one good thing with all this fighting is everybody's always quick to pay up and move out, I wouldn't wait if you see something you want.
Oh so you've got some stuff you want to let go of too? That's cool, I buy as well as I sell.
I've usually got a bit of room in the stores, so I could buy a few of your things... 
Hmm let me take a closer look at that.
Yeah this sort of stuff I can't really shift, just not my sort of thing.
To be honest Chief, you're going to have trouble selling this anywhere.
Now if it was in tip top condition I'd be more interested, but I need to make a profit too, so I can only offer you this.
There's some good stuff here, how does this sound?
All of this doesn't quite make up what you need to pay me though.
There you go, let's seal the deal with a handshake.
That'll cover it, and don't forget your change.
Pleasure doing business, come back again why don't you.
Chief this shop aint on wheels, it'll be here tomorrow.
Hold on! You left this on the counter.
Sorry, Chief, funds are tight at the moment, damn cost of living keeps going up 'n' up.
I warned you, time to bring it!
Goddamn! Talk to me later!
Don't take this the wrong way, but trading's hard enough without me talking to guys like you, my customers aint going to like it.
You guys are like a smell of fresh air down here, it's like Arulco might actually be able to get out of the toilet.
Ah thanks Chief, I won't forget it...
C'mon Chief, I haven't eaten since this morning, I want to get home before the missus feeds my dinner to the bloodcats.
The only thing I don't have is weapons. Hale and Burton screen every trader for arms sales, they reckon it's a 'safety' issue.
That company steals the oil from the people of Arulco to sell it in foreign countries. They've got a distribution centre in the northeast of Salinas, like Fort Knox it is.
About the only thing the people in Salinas fear more than Hale and Burton is the Army. But there's nothing we can do about it as they're in it together.
I could make a mint with the amount of weapons floating around in Arulco, but their goddamn curfew and screenings sink that plan.
If you go there and make them some trouble, everybody will be glad about it, including me, hell I'd be your number one fan!
You're too late, I'm out of business, Chief. Hale and Burton's security rolled on in and took everything I had at gunpoint. Loaded my whole frickin' inventory and headed off.
I got nothing to sell and no money to buy.
Finally! You made yourself a lot of friends in these parts. Be good for business, too. Thanks, man, but be careful.
