Careful, you don't watch where you're going, you're liable to get hurt. And I don't want that happenin' on my watch.
How goes it?
When you been at this as long as me, nothing surprises ya anymore. Seen it all.
Had four men call in sick the other day. Worries me that something might be going around. Hope you're feeling okay.
Well, that's kind of you, but I don't need it.
Right until you showed up, I couldn't imagine this war coming to an end. Now, I got me a bit of hope.
I understand... I know you got a lot on your shoulders.
To be honest with you, I'd rather stay with what I know.
Can't take this pain...
I know you haven't got all day to stand around and chat, so I'll be on my way.
That'll heal up just fine now.
You madman! Don't ever look for my help again.
I'm the guy in charge of the mine, and it's damn good to meet you. Me and some of the guys are willing to keep on working. Turn the day's take, less the usual expenses, directly over to you.
Matter of fact... I'll see who I can rustle up and get right on it.
News on this end is bad. We're reaching the last of the ore deposit. Probably just a question of time before the mine peters out to nothing. I guess I sorta knew it was bound to happen.
We got a problem. I can't get anyone to go down into the mine. There's a rumor spreadin' around that there's beastly insects movin' about. I'm gonna have to shut her down.
For a while there, I didn't know if I'd ever see you again. I had to do some quick talking just to stay alive. I beg of you not to let that happen again.
It's too risky. We'll talk later.
I don't how you guys do it, but I'm sure pleased to see it happening. Keep it up! I'm waiting for the day when I can stand in line for the chance to sit on the Queen's throne.
News on this end is good. We've maxed out our daily production. And let me tell you, you guys are developing quite a reputation for yourselves around this town.
I realize production is low, but I'm doing the best I can with the limited number of people I can recruit. It's just not easy. People around here are leery.
I've worked this mine for over thirteen years now. Quite something... Nothing, but a hole now. I ain't ashamed to say, I cried when she tapped dry. Don't know how I'm gonna get by now.
No, but I'll tell you what, there are people who need it.
Had to shut the mine down again. Don't think you killed all those beasty bugs the last time, 'cause one of them ate another one of the men.
Gotta hand it to you, looks like the mine's all clear of those beasty bugs. Not a moment too soon either! We're back in production.  As long as those things, well, stay dead, we'll be all right.
Well, you've convinced me. I was just scraping by before. If the Army retakes the rig, this time I'm a dead man. Might as well go down fighting at this point.
