Opposition.
A lion is now in our path.
They are relentless in their pursuit!
Scutter bug is here.
If I were superstitious, I might well see these fearsome scuttering insects as omens of doom. But they are no more or less portentous than man himself.
Signs of the scuttering beasts.
Something stirs just beyond.
Eugh. The scutter bugs have cast their sickly scent here.
Trouble whispers on the breeze. Be prepared.
I pray the scutter bugs are absent. I have no wish to die like a fly in a web.
The scutter bugs want to devour me!
Something.
What lies there?
I am in search of ammunition for my weapon.
I cast aside the pain of my injuries.


Victoria Waters, you were a woman of honor and spirit. May your soul's journey be met with happiness.
I have forgotten my instructions.
This weapon has jammed.
Assistance! I doubt I can prevail alone!
The discomfort will pass.
I shall not fear death when it finally greets me.
A highly doubtful shot.
I must not continue to lose blood.
The need for sleep must not be denied.
I must recover my breath.
That enemy breathes no more.
The bug's soul is at peace.



Mike has now passed on... his soul of betrayal has found peace at last.
That is a spirit that will never rest.

I need guidance.
That, I will not do.
In death, as in life, the harridan's spirit shrieked for release.
I'm honored to be the instrument of the scutter queen's death.
Such a fool.
My valor is wasted here.
I cannot but laugh at this army of clowns.
The enemy has taken to the air!
The quality of this equipment is a hindrance. It is almost worse than no equipment at all.
I prefer to anticipate the worst so that I am never disappointed.

There is no teacher greater than experience.
Why do you contrive to fail?
I humbly suggest you consult Chapter 11 of Sun Tzu.




I could sense Vicki's potential for greatness. It shines from within.
That might be a hasty decision. Let us see how events unfold.
Well, well, we are facing our friend Mike. This was meant to be; there are no coincidences.
Grave danger awaits. I cannot see what surrounds me.
The requirements surpass my capabilities.
There is something rather unique about that man.
This territory contains evil that must be confronted.
We have not rid this sphere of its evil. We must remain prepared.

I am forever spellbound by the frailty of life.
It appears to be the young Graham boy. His wild streak most likely stems from an inner confusion. With time, it too shall pass.
Each person is placed into another's path for a purpose, Miguel. And so ours have crossed, and now fate shall determine the outcome.
It is most favorable. The evil souls that inhabited this place have all been sent on their final journey.
The shipment is not complete. He who takes what is not his is destined to live a shorter existence. All that is left is to determine his identity.
The winds of karma brought back what he had set upon so many others. Our deed here will strengthen us, and relieve the people of a terrible burden.
Hunger prowls!
The Art of War states that a man may be successful if he follows a certain way of thinking. This gives me great joy now. For our mission, that which is now complete, the spirits are pleased. With most of us anyway.
The cowards flee! We are at peace momentarily.
A mind without sleep is without focus. I shall rest, then return to the task at hand.
I place into my work what slumber has provided.
Our minds think alike.
Performance is limited by the performance of our tools. I am, at this moment, useless.
We must examine this more closely, but with extreme caution.
Look there. The ground reveals the evil plan.
He... who dies... in water <gulb>... dies.
My journey has come to a successful conclusion.

I cannot join you. I seek a general that is wise in the ways of war.
I cannot accept. I believe you are reckless with the lives of your men.
Regretfully, I will be on retreat. I am sorry.
I must sorrowfully decline. I am participating in the review of a new treatment. Remember, asking for me in advance increases the possibility that I will be available.
Doctor Q. Huaong speaking. I regret I have missed your call. Should you wish, you may leave your message for me here, and I'll return it, or you may simply call me again at another time.
I'm pleased to have been of service. Perhaps we will work together again.



The end of our mutual agreement draws close. Do you wish to discuss an extension?
The renewal is agreeable to me.
The arrangement is mutually beneficial. I agree to the terms.


I question some of your decisions. Nevertheless, I will defer to the judgement of Victoria Waters, whom I have learned to trust. I agree to the arrangement.
Your ignorance of the art of war betrays your own men. I do not accept.
I repeat,...
I don't wish to embarrass you but there are financial considerations you have not fully taken into account.
I withdraw. Luck be with you and especially with your army.
I cannot accept. I believe you are reckless with the lives of your men.





I question some of your decisions. Nevertheless, I will defer to the judgement of Victoria Waters, whom I have learned to trust. I agree to the arrangement.
I repeat...
I don't wish to embarrass you, but there are financial considerations you have not fully taken into account.
Dr. Q. Huaong speaking.
Perhaps these video phones make you self-conscious. I know they have the same effect on me.
I cannot help you if you refuse to tell me what you want.
I'm prepared to offer you several alternatives.
Indecision is not becoming of a leader. Please call when you have corrected this flaw.


Our agreement draws toward its end. Of this, you should be aware.
An ancient proverb says that as a man increases in experience, so too shall his fee. I have great respect for proverbs.
