There, I see one!
I can see an enemy!
It's on now...
Uh-oh, mini-monster is approaching!
What ugly brute is this one?!
Oh boy, it really smells bad in here?!
Did you hear that too?
This stench is curling my toe nails!
The stench smells familar to me...
It smells here like angry monster mommy.
Damn shit!
What's that?
We should check this out a little closer.
Darn! I need to reload.
I don't think I'm gonna make it... promise me, promise me you'll take care of Sandman!
Nooo Sandman!... I won't rest until I kill every last one of them!
How could this happen?! TNT was a real pro, one of the best I ever knew.
It was an honor to work with you Grizzly!
What the heck am I supposed to do?
Now of all things this thing gives up on me.
Wow! There is a lot of stuff happening here...
Why in the world did I join this team?!
Ha! My grandmother shoots better than you and she's half blind!
I can't see a thing I can hit from there.
I need a band aid, urghh... maybe a couple of band aids!
*Yawn* It's time to have a nap.
*Uff* seems to me that I'm not as fit as I used to be.
This one won't be a problem anymore.
One giant cockroach less!
You have Gasket in your team? Forget about it! I don't work with freaks who get their rocks off shooting squirrels, even if they are just rats in cute outfits!
Could you shut your yap for two darn seconds?! Otherwise I'll plug your trap... with a bullet!
Run, squirrel man, run for your life!
Hey, this must be my lucky day! Never thought I'd get the opportunity to kill big ole 'Mystery man' Mike.
Head shot... What a mess!
Anything with more than two eyes and two legs is suspicious to me.
Mission accomplished!
Look elsewhere for someone to take care of that!
Ding-Dong the witch is dead, the witch is dead...
The monster situation has been resolved... permanently!
Something tells me that I won't like this guy...
I think it will be best to get the heck out of here before someone guns me down.
They're all amateurs!
All good things come from above!
What trashcan did you pick this up from?
Where did you get a hold of these guys? They can barely tell the front from the rear of a rifle.
You should be shot on the spot!
I'm still learning!
This simply won't work.
It was clear that this guy won't get anything done.
Give me a call when you kicked this bum out!
Try for a change to aim the weapon at yourself instead of other people. In any case it would be a gain for the team!
Yeah Sandman, show them where the hammer is hanging!
TNT is simply the best.
I always liked this Grizzly guy, what a man!
Without money no Sparky!
I'm not a charity! I'll get my money sooner or later and if it's later I'd be checking the brakes of your car the next time you pull out of here!
Hey, who turned the lights out?
This is not going anywhere...
Finally we meet a couple of nice folks here.
Time to work for our money!
Keep your eyes and ears peeled! They're still around, for sure!
This is like Easter and Thanksgiving coming all at once!
This is a great weapon!
Hey! This little squirt fits the description perfectly! Go get him!
What? You take me this far and want to drop me now? Well, keep your head down it only gets tougher if you don't know your way around.
Too bad, that was all of them...
You know very well that I ordered more than this...
There was no other way! They didn't want to accept that they were wrong.
This pelt will make a really nice coat.
Good work! The land is now free of Deidranna's tyranny. Gimme a call when you need to take care of something else, ok?
Those turkeys ran away!
I can barely keep upright. I'll take care of it after a nap.
New day, new luck! Let's get to work!
I am totally with you on this one!
This thing just disintegrated into pieces.
Watch out! This looks suspicious!
Look out! This could be a mine!
Help! Help me! I'm drowning!
I'm here!
