Army!
About time!
You think you've got me surrounded, you weak-willed cowards? Newsflash assholes, Calvin Barkmore is surrounding YOU!
Someone put on a black bar!
Oh, come on! You seeing this? Tell me it's not just me. They totally look like... like... you know!
You expect me to go down here and fix 'em once and for all myself?
Shh! Years of working in the mine have honed my hearing to be supersonic. I can hear their feet shuffling clearer than a kangaroo's mating song on a quiet night.
Whew! Smells like a social studies graduate in here!
I don't like it here. Something's in the air, you know. I wish I had my tinfoil hat on.
Weimar Germany in the 30s looks like a vacation in Disneyland compared to this place.
My entire life will be a Piss Christ monument to my contempt for these insects!
It's all mine!
Look!
Ever heard of demand and supply? Well, I demand you supply me with some bullets!
Ugh! That which does not kill me makes me stronger.



Maybe if you'd provide me with clear instructions, I wouldn't be here, stuck, asking you again!
This gun is abhorrent dreck! Get me something better!
They will rue the day. Rue the day!
You're messing with forces beyond your comprehension... I've been trying to contain my rage, but I can hold back no longer!
Keep your pathetic ad hominem attacks to yourself!
I could probably take that shot. If I really wanted.
I'm spilling my precious, Neanderthal bloodline juice! Someone do something!
I don't do overtime. You get what you paid for.
You want things to go any faster?
Nothing personal, kiddo!
Tell Freud Calvin Barkmore sends his regards!
Old cadre like Anderson only serve to stop young, bright talent like me from climbing the ranks. I'd be in the special forces by now if it wasn't for his type. I tell you, all NCOs are just a bunch of self-adoring underachievers.
Jim Wallace reminds me of my drill sergeant from back when I was in the Army. Always getting on my case, citing his dumb manuals. You want clean toilets? Clean them yourself, you obsessive freak!


Whoa! Looks like Calvin Barkmore just popped the lid off your skull and packed your cranium with slabs of unprocessed lead, kid.
Shut up! I know what I'm doing. Save your advice for someone who needs it.
No need to thank me!
Are you crazy?
She had her chance. All she needed to do was recognize my talents. Shame.
Well, it appears the monsters are gone. Frankly, I still suspect they were planted by the other head miners as a plot to subvert my obvious excellence.
You obviously don't know who you're talking to! Calvin Barkmore! I will devote all my waking hours toward making your life a living hell if you continue to talk to me this way.
Seeing this sorry bunch of losers makes me wanna projectile vomit. You guys wouldn't last here a single day if I was in charge.
Let me tell you from one leader to another - you need to keep these people by the throat, or they will eat you alive. "Ooh, Mister Barkmore, my wife is in labour, can I drive her to a hospital?" We got quotas to meet you lazy parasite!
The war! The thermonuclear war! It has begun! Get in the shelter! Women, children and productive members of society first!
Where did you get this stuff? Bargain bin? Equipment like this would never cut it at my mine.
Yes, I am quite aware of the effect I have on other people, especially women. You just don't get to the position of Head Miner without a personality and will to back it up.
Ever heard of BarkOS? It's a complete x86 16 bit real mode multitasking, multiuser terminal system that provides for management of inventory, personnel, medical records, calendar, scheduling, maintenance and monitoring of a mining facility.
Well, I wouldn't call it learning. More like... unlocking one's true potential.
You keep telling yourself "everything will be alright". Me? I plan for an alternative possibility. Let me know how it all works out for you.
I keep a log of everything. Maybe one day someone smarter than you will come along. Learn from your mistakes.
I've had it with Anderson! I haven't run the most successful mining operation in the country to take orders from a darn corporal! I'm out!
I'm done! If I hear one more thing from Wallace about "operating procedures," I'll perform a procedure on him myself! And it's gonna involve gophers!




Fine! But don't run crying back! You had your chance.
Eyes? I don't need eyes! I have, like, eight other senses. I'll kick your ass, not seeing your ugly mug is a bonus.
I don't need to prove anything. It's beneath me. Find someone else to do it.
Another sheeple, hoping for the best. Me? I trust my own reasoning. I am not swayed by emotional arguments, or subjective impressions, or group consensus.
They won't know what hit 'em.
Stop hiding, you art house rejects! I don't have a whole day! I've got a successful business to run!
Finally, something worth my time.
Most men would tremble after extinguishing the flame of another's life. Me? It doesn't even phase me. Sometimes, I gaze into the abyss within me and wonder if the darkness gazes back, fearful of what it sees.
Another youth brainwashed by media and pop culture.
Well, I'm a busy man... Everyone wants a moment of my time, so I'll be going!
Now look at me, single-handedly fending off an army! I'd like to see some other so-called "Head" Miners pull this off.
These dope-puffing socialists robbed us! This is what happens when you let cargo workers unionize. No responsibility whatsoever.
I'm not one to let things drag on.
How desperate to pit us against animals. As if Calvin Barkmore wasn't already on top of the food chain.
So, I been thinking. After this war is over, I'm interested in hiring you guys to do a job for me. Keep it between us. I want to take over... sh... Canada. I got me a little grudge to settle.
Looks like they recognized me and decided to split. Hard to blame them, I suppose. Not many can say they messed with Calvin Barkmore and lived to tell the tale.
That's it for me today. Don't bother waking me up; I'll set my own alarm.
I'm officially back in business.
Do your job!
I don't want to tell you how to do your job - as long as you don't tell me how to do mine - but with proper maintenance, this could have been avoided.
Hold up! My superior Neanderthal senses are tingling. I better take a closer look.
Would you look at that. As if the best darn miner in the world would ever fall for a badly concealed, messily dug out trap like that. Pathetic.
I'm not... drowning... I'm just... submerging... out of my own volition...
Well, I'm here. You need me for something, or am I just here for sightseeing?




Fred Morris is a snake. He didn't even open the box of my editorials I've sent him. Ask yourself a question - if he really hates the Queen so much, how come he was still a Head Miner all this time? Also, "Morris"? Heard that name before?





I can't take it anymore with Morris! I refuse to have my spotlight stolen by a mediocre bootlicker who keeps falling upwards! Well... we'll see how far you'll get without my expert advice.
