Privet! Menja zovut Ilya Dolvich.
You surely know my brother Ivan. I hope little Igor is a credit to the famous Dolvich name. Ili njet?
Yes, I've worked for Deidranna before. I was responsible for military training of troops and I got a lot of hard dollars for that, you know.
One day people will look at me and compare me with Ivan, but I am not bitter because of this.
Net! I take what I want!
This land saw more war and devastation than the whole Kawkaz! At least it's warmer here. And the women are good.
One more single word and I will strangle you like a cat!
Order is important, first eliminate the guards, then we talk!
Someone better help me to stop the blood!
You got me tired. My ears faded from your chatter. How about some drink maybe? Tut gdeto byl puzyr vodki:
Oh, *coff *coff, you're nice to me, ne ploho...
I'll rip your head off and fill it with vodka! And before your body hits the ground I'll drink it all!
I followed Ivan in what has become our families profession. But I'm not payed as much as he earns.
That was a good idea of yours. I already could shoot cats from half a mile away while little Igor was still in diapers!
My price follows a simple formula: I earn more than Ivan!
Aaaah! Even the devil himself can't stop us now. Come! We have work to do.
Aaaah! Even the devil himself can't stop us now. Come! We have work to do.
You disappoint me. I will work for someone else...
Money? I won't take money. At least not until I killed somebody for it!
Tchjo nje ponjatno? No money, no staying alive.
After a little drinking session. Not much!! You know... Only two or three vodka... (Pause) ...bottles... I pushed my Deputy Commander Morris who spoke bad words about the great Dolvich family...
End of story and the reason why I'm here. Now I have lost my work with lot good money for a stupid idiot who can not drink like a man and makes my family name in the mud. I promise I will kill him for that... Net, I better kill all of them!
And you must find a way to protect me from the gas!
Ohhh... You are a clever man. I thought only Russians are smart... Or did you read that in the forums?!
Well, in any case "bolshoje spasibo!" You saved my live with that so I will work for you without money till my debt is paid.
