Let it rain lead!
There's the man in the black pajamas!
Three men four bullets, I'll save one for later.
Let it rain lead!
Let it rain lead!
So beautiful...
Hear something...
It kinda stinks...
This AO's hot, but I'm gonna cool it down.
I don't know about that.
Let it rain lead!
I see something.
Might be wired...
Need a new clip!
Mommy....mommy....agh....I see the light....


Lynx is dead? It's gonna take 50 little men to settle the score now.

I've got enough jam here for a sandwhich!
You'll need 50 more of those to stop me.
Oh gawd, trouble keeping the blood on the inside.
With enemies like these... who needs cover?
Can't draw a line on it.
This blood will help me blend in with the dead chucks!
I need to check out for a quick nap.
I'm not drawing enough oxygen here...
No more boom boom for charlie!
Made him a believer.
That guy Shadow is a waste of camoflauge, he's a round of friendly fire waiting to happen.



Hey buddy ya dropped something... heh heh

Finished over here, got anything else?
One more charlie for the list.
No more boom boom for charlie!
Made him a believer.
FNG.
This is no way to win the war, but it's a good way to get killed.
I guess this team will do in a pinch.  But I'll be pulling a lot of weight.
Stay frosty.
This is like a capgun lots of noise, but no action.
Hell of a thing taking a man's ear, you take away all he's got, and everything he's gonna have.

Who would have thought the best could get better.
If you'd like me to demonstrate how good a shot I am, I can shoot a mosquito off your arm... and I get it five out of seven times.
I always wanted to be an astronaut and be the first to walk on the moon, but then Neil Armstrong did it... mental note, Neil Armstrong made the list.
I warned you... Shadow's still here, I'm checking out.



That Lynx is one mean mother... hey, I'm just talking about Lynx.
I've got a four o'clock appointment at the boom boom room, so I gotta go.

Ohh God...
It's on the list, but it's not gonna get done.
That's most kind of you.
Alright then lets go get us some charlie ear.
There's still a stink in the air, stay frosty.

Call me Spooky!
FNG.
You're firing me? Like the girls in the boom boom room say... this sucky sucky.
This sectors clear, time to go collect some ears.

No more boom boom for charlie!
That's one mean looking pussy.
Mission complete, we killed some charlie, made some friends, and took some ears... (inner voice)... thanks Mr. Ear!
This LZ's been pacified.
I need to check out for a quick nap.
I'm ready to head out when you are.
Count me in.
This is like a capgun lots of noise, but no action.
If I open this anymore... you're gonna be wearing Spooky camo...
Hold up that's not part of your everyday flora and fauna.
Mommy... egh... Oh god...
I'm here what have you got for me?
