I found one!
I've come across one.
I have a couple to deal with.
I found one!
I think... I may have left the lights on at my place. I... gotta leave...
Body was subjected to indignities beyond belief!
I could've done without that.
I don't like the looks of it.
This area is dangerous. Let's be very careful where we walk.
This area is dangerous. Let's be very careful where we walk.
I have a couple to deal with.
I see something here.
I see something.
I could use some lead!
Severely wounded... Doubt I can remain conscious for long. Send help... immediately!



I flat out forgot where I was headed.
My weapon isn't firing!
The bullets are flying in all directions over here!
I'm gonna have to give up the smokes, my lungs are shut.
Oh. By a whisker...
I can't hit what I can't see!
I'll need a moment to dress my wounds, before I lose too much blood.
I could probably sneak a smoke.
Doubt I can remain conscious for long.
Death took a holiday - and it's vacationing with you!
Let's try this again.
If you still have that madman, "Unusually Ruthless" Reuban, on your team in the morning, I won't be here!


That went rather smoothly.
Word is - you're the one responsible for the medical kit shortage!

Our work is done.
You're making this hard for me, but... I can't. I won't do that.
Assignments don't get much better than this!
It's done! The smokes are on me!
So, when was the last time you had a thorough physical?
You bring back bad memories of the time I worked the night shift in E.R. in the Bronx. Too much unnecessary death forced me to leave there too.
This outfit doesn't care if it ever wins a mission.
I could've done without that.
I'm trying - but this thing doesn't work!
How you've been feeling lately? Any complaints about your health, that might require further investigation?
I don't wish to brag or anything, but I'd like to point out that I'm the official A.I.M. physician.
It only gets easier.
And you have the nerve to call yourself a professional?
We can give up on this mission.
If there's anyone who deserves to be put down - it's Reuban...  As long as he's working for you - I'm not.




Health care reform never happened! You're gonna have to find the cash, if you want me to so much as put a band-aid on anyone. And this time around, there will be no attempt to bargaining away the problem.
Loyalty doesn't exist in your vocabulary, does it?
Come on!
It's more complicated than it looks!
I go both ways...
Alright! I'm putting on the gloves!
You won't live much longer!
Just what we've been looking for.

Just what we've been looking for.
I'm shocked! You're firing me this quickly?
I can't tell ya, how glad I am not to be responsible for treating YOUR wounded! 
I'm no expert, but I think we paid way too much for the stuff.
Well, I've ran out of patience.
I found one!
It goes to show you. The good guys do win once in a while! I'd work for you again, if the need arose.
We shouldn't be seeing any more of those clowns.
You can expect me shortly.
Consider me committed to your cause.
How many times do I have to tell you?
This thing doesn't work!
I don't like the looks of it.
If we're not careful over here, it could be dangerous.
I'm drowning!..
For the moment - we are out in front.
