Have a sighting!
Have an enemy in sight.
Encountered hostile forces!
Have a sighting!
You're lucky my wife's not here!
It's despicable.
We should be extra cautious.
Things don't smell right around here.
This isn't healthy. Too much time to think.
And I could be golfing...
Encountered hostile forces!
I've come across something.
I wonder how it ended up here.
Haven't got any slugs left.
Sustained life threatening injuries... Don't know how long i've got..
Doctor Highball was a highly regarded physician, a close personal friend and a damn fine hunter.


I'm having problems.
Damn! My gun is jammed!
S.O.S.! Surgeon being shot at! I need assistance!
I'm having problems.
That was a near miss.
I'm not sure...
I'll need suturing.
I'm feeling weak.
I'm feeling weak.
It's not something I get to do often enough.
It's not something I get to do often enough.
Bald head and earring. Eliminating Skitz would not only make me happy, but society as a whole would benefit.


As a practicing physican, I recommend a prompt visit to your family doctor...
War's not supposed to be a pretty thing!
Heat's getting to me. I'm feeling weak.
I worked long enough to earn an honest pay.
Don't even bother asking me anymore.
I'd tell you to take a couple aspirins and call me in the morning. But you're not gonna be around in the morning!
I trust there will be no mention of this in my record. Actually, I insist there be no mention of this incident in any records.
Your conduct is reprehensible!
You're just fishing.
No, I won't cough for you. And your doctor jokes are getting really annoying!
And I could be golfing...
I have to get a new one. This thing doesn't work!
I'm not one to spread unsubstantiated rumours, however, I am privy to the fact that Koolhan's medical license in under investigation.
I'm a huge golfer, you know. I aced the seventeeth at Pinehurst. Yeah! And less than ideal conditions, on September 19th, 1995. You can ask Cliff Highball.
I was a doctor before I was a mercenary.
I fail to see the purpose.
And I could be golfing...
As long as Skitz is working for you, I can't stay here. The guy's unbalanced enough to be committed.

Cliff can afford to be picky - he's twice the shot that I am.


Had I been aware of your payment problems, I would've saved myself the trip down here. Now I have to go all the way back.
They'll be talking about this one in the trade papers for the years to come.
I don't believe it!
I'm not having much success.
Just so we get this straight - I'm staying for purely humanitarian reasons.
It's ours to win. We just have to be careful with this.
Perhaps you should gather your things and get out while you still can!

You just don't get the same kind of satisfaction from family practice.
Wipe that smile off your face, you think you're the first deadbeat I've come across?
I'm teeing off at nine. I have to run.
There's no question we were by far the best out there!.
At the price we paid I wish we could have gotten more!
She might require medical attention.
Have a sighting!
On behalf of all doctors everywhere - thanks! And goodbye!
We've disposed of that team.
Day is nearly over...
I'll be there shortly.
Alright, I'll repeat myself.
This thing doesn't work!
I think somebody else should handle this. My hands are important to me!
We should be extra cautious. There's fresh markings in the dirt.
I'm panicking! I... can't... catch my breath!
I'll be there before you know it!
