I have an enemy in sight!
I have the advantage over this enemy!
I am in battle! Cover fire could prove helpful.
Well, look at that.
I travelled all the way here for THIS?
I just hope for your sake, you're aware of implications.
I better be extremely alert around here.
I must have ate some bad food.
Everything seems too perfect. I better be extremely alert around here.
I better be extremely alert around here.
I am in battle! Cover fire could prove helpful.
I found something here.
I found something here.
I am short of ammunition!
I've got... multiple lacerations. I'm hemorrhaging. Diminshed sensation in my legs. My... my prognosis is poor.



I am slightly disoriented.
This gun better start working soon!
Shots fired in my direction!
I need to get some liquids into me.
I consider myself lucky.
I can't make that!
I have a laceration that requires minor suturing.
I'm getting a little fatigue.
This climate is doing a number on my system.
It's my kill!
It's my kill!
I've seen Raffi's supposed medical degree from Harvard. It was full of ink smudges, and "Harvard" was spelled with an "f".


That was easier than I thought.
Talk about trauma!
This climate is doing a number on my system.
I came through.
I refuse to comply!
It was in the first course - "Vultures 101" at med school - that we learnt all about people like you.
I can finally put this behind me.
There was a time, when I would've taken this personal. That was when I didn't know you!
Rest assured. We've learned from our mistakes.
I am extremely picky about team solidarity!
I am being attacked!
This doesn't seem to be working!
Have you forgotten? I wrote your prescription.
Doctors are not a dime a dozen, you know.
Your wisdom in hiring me has paid off!
You got some nerve.
Rest assured. We've learned from our mistakes.
Well look at that. It's "doctor" Raffi.




I don't care much for long flights. Think I'll stick around here and see what else comes up. If things get slow, I'll reconsider.
So! You think you're tough!
I am being attacked!
All I wanna know is whether you'd ask a mechanic to do a heart bypass!
I'll do my best to ensure your satisfaction.
Enemies in the vicinity!
That was just a taste!

You must have quite the triage facility set up, to handle such an enormous amount of casualities!
If you entrust me with it, this mission is as good as done!
We have an arrangement.
That was the final member of that platoon.
Though it's not my field of expertise, I can say without hesitation that we were been scourged by that arms dealer.
I'm making a note to not bother negotiating with you anymore.
Well, look at that.
I've ran into shorter and much more problematic assignments than this one. If everything remains the same - I'll rejoin you whenever you want me.
We've gained possesion of the sector!
For the time being, I think I'll stick around here.
Time is precious.
I'm sure you can top it.
This doesn't seem to be working!
It is hooked to explosives... It appears rather sophisticated.
I better be extremely alert around here.
I am submerging! I need help!
I came through.

I think it's safe to say you're wasting your time and your money asking me!
The chances of dying on your team are way too high. I'll wait for an offer that makes dying far less likely.
I've already worked for and had severe difficulties with you. There is no possibility of me ever rejoining.
It's simply isn't possible. I'm attending a conference on battle fatigue syndrome.
I'm attending a conference on battle fatigue syndrome. The conference continues - though I'm getting a little fatigue myself.
I've ran into shorter and much more problematic assignments than this one. If everything remains the same - I'll rejoin you whenever you want me.
I can't believe you bought Raffitto Leevon's story about being a doctor. I can't work with him!


I don't care much for long flights.
It's a long flight... I'm already here... I'll take it!
I'll do my best to ensure your satisfaction.



You got some nerve, thinking you can buy me off.
You might recall. I said...
It's not possible. You can't afford my services. You'll have to settle for a good nurse, a bad doctor... or a Raffi!
If you're looking for a bargain, you are talking to the wrong person.
I quit! There's a limit to the amount of death even a doctor can stomach! I'd say you've reached it.
I can't believe you swallowed Raffi's story about being a doctor. If you don't have the good sense to send him home, I'm resigning.





You might recall. I said...
You terms of payment - maybe you do, maybe you don't - trouble me. For the time being, I'm off to seek another assignment.
Forget the rest - go with the best! Doctor Mitch Shudlem, receipts supplied upon request.
I think it's important to develop a strong doctor-patient relationship.
What are you in? Some sort of low level consciousness?
I'll go, but to be frank - if there are better offers forthcoming, I reserve the right to change my mind.
Apparently, there aren't any offers at all. And, according to my notes, we won't be negotiating this matter.
So you think you're a physician, Raffi? Well, let's see how good you are at plugging your own holes.

We'll be out of time before I know it.
I better get the credit I deserve!
