Stumbled upon a lackey.
I'm one up on an enemy. I should waste him, before turkey realizes I'm here.
Got a couple of turkeys.
I'm one up on an enemy.
Had I not seen it with my own eyes, I would never have believed.
If only we had gotten here a minute sooner...
We can hear you! We know your precise location!
I'm getting an uneasy feeling.
Stay alert, I'm getting an uneasy feeling about this area.
Stay alert!
Got a couple of turkeys.
Found something over here.
Something over here.
I need a resupply of ammo.
I'm not in any pain. It's got me worried. Better send a doctor... quick.
Ah. Poor Wally. Probably never saw what hit him.


I'm puzzled.
A bullet's stuck in the chamber of my gun!
It walloped!
Aye...
Some turkey has opened fire on me!
Use the other side of your brain, laddie.
Loosing blood!
I's getting a little weary...
This heat is gonna do me in.
Child's play!
Child's play!



I want a piece of him!
This should get me some attention around here!
This heat is gonna do me in.
Great work!
This kind of stuff won't make me a legend!
A little dictator, a tyrant. Had I not seen it with my own eyes, I would never have believed what you did.
It was an experience I will take to my grave, lad.
Rather low, laddie.
Just tell me - what idiot put you in charge?
I'll tell you whatever you want to hear, just don't get me any grief over this kind of stuff.
It walloped!
This thing is a dud!
No! Its not a girdle... it's a French back and kidney supporter!
I find it strange, lad. I hear the birds - but I never see 'em.
That was quite a piece of work!
We've been had, lad. We won't be able to win this one.
Aye, don't we ever had a chance.


Granted. Old Wally can't hit the side of tenement, but he deserves to be treated batter than that.


I've wrote it all down. I'll be back to you with an answer before you know it, lad.
I've got somebody here who wants to die! I should be able to handle him.
It was downright rude!
I'm afraid not.
Ooh, you have the touch of the goddess.
Time to take off your pocket protector, laddie!
We are not planning on taking prisoners!
If luck remains with us, this one will be ours.
This should get me some attention around here!
Over here.
Are you the ringmaster of this circus?
This section belongs to us now.
We was ripped off, laddie!
It was all rather personal.
I'm one up on an enemy.
There be nothing left but the parade, lad.
Enough to teach you a lesson!
Aye.
It would be easy.
I told you!
This thing is a dud!
Booby trap! This is definitely booby trapped!
Stay alert ladies. The area appears hazardous to yer health.
Too tired... to reach shore...
I think we should get going soon.

I'm not sure I reall believe stories about what you did, but I decline anyways.
I'm afraid not. I'm feeling slightly under the weather today. It's a rather nasty virus <cough> and I've got my fingers crossed that it passes post-haste.
I was there, it was summer. The air was fresh and the landscape beautiful. And some impaired idiot had put you in charge!
I'm afraid it won't be you I'm joining, lad.
I'll be back to you with an answer before you know it, lad.
I'll get other offers, laddie. I've spent enough time with you.



I remain interested, laddie. You want me?
It's obvious you really want me, so I'll do you the favor and stick it out.
It'll be great to see some of the guys again!
Wally beats a hand, lad.


You're an impaired idiot, lad. I wouldn't repeat my last experience with you for all the tea in China!
I told you!
You be lackin' the funds, lad.
It was unexpected, but I won't hold the grudge, lad.
Don't cry for me! I'm more than happy to leave this bargain basement operation.
Wally beats a hand, lad.





I told you!
You call that an offer?
Aye, I have my ear to the information pipeline, lad. And with me on your team, you'll have your ear to it, too!
I hear things here and there, lad. For instance, I bet you didn't know Lynx and Buzz got married in the Dominican Republic last month.
So... you want to know what people say, when you're not around? Well...
I'm still unable to give you an answer, lad. With a couple of offers on the burner, I'm asking for a little something extra to engage me.
Not to ask for me again! Now I'm telling you, leave me alone!


I'll get other offers, laddie. I've spent enough time with you.
I'm going to give everyone another chance to increase my motivation for joining.
