I spotted an enemy!
I've stumbled upon an enemy!
What am I doing here?!
Holy moly!
I'm risking my life for this?!
It's horrible. They never showed anything like this in the recruitment films.
I have to stay on red alert until I'm advised differently.
I'm disoriented.
I can spot danger when I see it - and there's danger around here!
Maybe, umm, I could come back later?
I gotta get out of here!
Look what I found!
What luck!
I don't have any bullets!
Why I'm here in the pool of blood, dying? I'm gonna die on one of my first assignments...
Biff? Biff! Come in, Biff! He's dead? Who's gonna show me the ropes? And who's gonna play checkers with me?


I sort of lost it there for a moment.
Oh my god. My gun won't fire!
There's bullets flying everywhere!
I think I could use a lot more of practice.
Lucky me!
I don't think I can do it!
Yes. I'm definitely bleeding over here!
I can't do it...
God! Am I thirsty...
Oh, neat! This is really exciting!
Oh, neat! This is really exciting!



Na na na-na na!
This combat stuff is pretty scary.

Everything turned out alright!
I don't know...
It's sure feels good to get that first one under your belt.
That seemed to go really well.
I still deserve a little respect!
You're hopeless and haven't got a shot at winning anything!
I can't afford to be too demanding.
Holy moly!
I don't know what's wrong with it, but I can't get it to work.
I don't mean to brag, but me and five hundred other guys secured the whole school in Grenada. And it was night time!
The National Guard wants me to stay available for possible emergency deployment!
It's all there. I know on paper there seems to be better guys out there, but how many of them have the experience of the full-scale military operation?
Maybe no one will notice...
In the future - you should really consider sending the bodies home.


Biff's the only mercenary who'll talk to me!


I don't know how to bring this up but you still owe me money.
I'll call the whole thing off, if you promise not to hurt me!
God!
I don't think I can do it!
That's an unauthorized fraternization, and if you do it again - I won't report you.
Let's be really carefull. We don't want anything to go wrong now!
Wouldn't it be great, if everything just stayed like this?

This just keeps getting more and more exciting, doesn't it?
Let's head back now.
Please. Give me another chance. I can do better. I promise!
I can't tell how happy I am to be finally rid of those guys.
We were really overcharged!
You have to promise me, no one will ever find out about this.
Holy moly!
Grenada was hell compared to this!
The recruiter never told me it would be this easy!
It's getting late.
I volunteer.
I remember telling you.
I don't know what's wrong with it, but I can't get it to work.
We should get someone down here, who's familiar with booby traps.
I can't be sure about this, but there's something really weird about these patterns in the dirt.
Help me, I can't swim any longer!
Everything seems quiet.
