Enemy in view!
I have an unsuspecting enemy!
I've uncovered some antagonists!
Enemy in view!
Oh. This is terrible. This is terrible!
It's not a very pleasurable sight.
Hello?
This is disturbing.
I remain reluctant.
I should have accepted that job in aerospace industry.
I'm engaged in a hostile situation!
I see an item of interest.
I see an item of interest.
Being without ammo is unacceptable!
Can't... move... my legs. I'm... losing... consciousness...
Victoria Waters has died? It is indeed a sad day for all who've made her acquaintance.


Request some form of help.
I'm gonna have to take better care of my firearm. It's jammed!
Apparently I've become a target!
I'm exhausted.
I feel sligthly vulnerable, some backup would be appreciated!
I'd prefer a better angle.
I am bleeding profusely!
It's getting late in a day.
Allow me a moment to collect myself.
It never gets easy.
It never gets easy.



I should consider myself fortunate.
I hope this doesn't result in any hard feelings!
That's unpardonable...
This mission, for all intents and purposes, is over!
It must be an error!
I'm extremely proud of our accomplishment.
I've never been prouder than with the work we've just accomplished.
If I was twice the man, I'd slap you!
Some behaviour modification on your part might allow you to avoid resorting to bribery.
Personal relations don't seem to be your forte.
Apparently I've become a target!
This device is in dire need of repair!
This is a rather unique arrangement. However, I personally do have a problem with it.
Between you and I, I must say that I served for A.I.M., and I am aware of their practices, many illegal. The truth is that regardless of what they or their members say about me, they are known to be habitual liars.
It appears that I may have to retake the test.
I find myself questioning your seriousness.
What a loss!


Miss Vicki...


These negotiations have come to their conclusion.
By the way, are you cognizant of the fact that nearly 95 percent of A.I.M.'s mercenaries are repeat offenders?
Request some form of help!
I'm a poor choice.
I don't believe it would be a stretch to say the feeling is mutual.
In all probability, we will defeat you!
Your feeble efforts only prolong the inevitable!

I find it to be exhilarating!
Everything appears to be going in our favor.
I was definitely the man for the job. I really don't know how I messed it up.
I'm gratified to announce the demise of that team!
It looks highly suspicious.
You don't know how long I've been waiting for you to do that!
Enemy in view!
Despite the odds, we have brought this mission to a succesful conclusion!
You cannot imagine what I can do with a screwdriver and a pair of pliers!
I never should've drunk that much coffee.
Were you guys planning on leaving me behind?
Sure.
This device is in dire need of repair!
It looks highly suspicious.
It looks highly suspicious.
Help...! I'm drowning!
I promise you, you won't regret this decision.

How shall I say this? Well, firstly, understand it is a purely business decision on my part, and while I do appreciate your business, I regret that I cannot allow you any new recruits until your account is paid.
You see, I regret it's come to this, but your outstanding balance is causing great financial difficulty for us, and may, I fear, render our venture insolvent.
I am certain you understand all the labor, the dreams and the hopes that we had instilled in M.E.R.C., and perhaps you could see to it to correct what I am hoping is only an accounting oversight and remit your balance.
I am most pleased to inform you that, in no small part fueled by your active patronage of M.E.R.C., we were able to secure the services of new mercenaries.
This, this Internet is all so new to me, and today, the main server apparently lost our routing tables. It is very complicated, but I am attempting to insure it doesn't happen again.
You'll have to pardon me, but at the risk of sounding forward, numerous M.E.R.C. members have perished while serving under your command. This is disturbing. I encourage you to exercise more caution with my employees.
I suppose it was an eventuality, but the first seems so hard to accept. Well...
He was, well, my business partner, the reason M.E.R.C. came into being. At least he was thoughtful enough to leave me the outstanding shares in his will.
I recall when we interviewed him for a position with us. He had the potential to go far, provided he continued to take his medication. It is a sad day for M.E.R.C.
It is with regret that I accept the news of Gasket's death. Just the other day, I had received word that his family was planning a revival for his homecoming. He was, they say, a "good old boy."
When we first met, he came for Thanksgiving dinner. What skill! He carved the turkey, as well as portions of the table, in five minutes. His spirit will be difficult to replace.
Be aware that this is a trying time for Biff. I should have mentioned that to him, Flo was everything. I fear that for the foreseeable future, Biff will likely be indisposed.
Somehow, and pardon me if I sound morose, but I feel a sense of comfort knowing that she and Biff are together in spirit. I had, one day, believed they would marry.
When critics scoffed and suggested M.E.R.C. would attract only the fringe, I would hail Gumpy as our Harvard embassador. Truly sorrowful.
Larry Roachburn! What a loss we all partake of this day. A fervent supporter of M.E.R.C., he will be remembered fondly by all. I suspect he'll need no embalming.
Allow me a moment to collect myself. Cougar. He was, without question, our top performer, someone who could champion M.E.R.C.'s cause across the world. This hits us particularly hard.
It is most strange how I feel about Numb's death. We conversed about this very topic, and he was undaunted at its prospect. All he requested was that his tattoos be displayed, post mortem, as art.
I have been advised of Bubba's death. Perhaps in this world, some individuals do not benefit from chance. I do believe Bubba was such an unfortunate. He seems to have been born that way.
Oh, yes, the unpleasantness of Gaston's demise. One the most impressive dossiers to ever come across my desk. And his cutting sense of humor...
Every time I light up a Cuban cigar I shall remember that man fondly. And, that could be for some time, as he forgot three boxes in my office.
I have heard that Larry has once again succumbed to his addictive demons. Just terrible.
Florence has married? Perhaps we should have seen it coming. Biff has taken the news as if she were, well, dead. Poor Biff. I fear he will be indisposed for some time.
