Bad guys.
Time for the enemy to say its prayers!
They got me up against the wall!
We gotta purple people eater here!
Geez Louise! It's an honest-to-God...ugly something or other.
This leads me to think we just missed a nasty scrape with a purple people eater.
Yo, I heard something.
Geez, that stinks. Those purple people eaters must be eating too many raw vegetarians.
Something funny's going on here. I don't like it.
Wish I'd brought my Saint Ian medal...the patron saint of protection from the purple people eaters.
Okay, these assholes aren't funny anymore!
Hmm, what's this?
Something's lying there.
Need to reload!
I've been hit...feels like a sucking chest wound, a concussion and a vasectomy all at the same time.



Sorry, my mind is somewhere else. What was that again?
Got a gun jam here.
They're trying to pound me to a pulp!
Well...this trip isn't anything like it sounded in the brochure.
Wonder how many lives I've got left after that.
Don't think I can make that one.
Geez, sorry. I'm getting blood all over the place.
I'm going to drop unless I get some sleep immediately.
Gimme a minute.
Nighty-night!
Cleanup in aisle 2!




Geez...talk about losing face...

I'm finished here.
I respectfully refuse, sir.
Hey-hey, all right! Nothing like seeing a job from beginning to end.
Alright! Tell me what I've won! Sports car? Gift certificate? Or do I just get to make a really huge omelete.
I dunno if I've ever met a bigger jackass.
This whole deal is really starting to get on my nerves.
Most of these guys'll never make it to MENSA, but they're good enough in a fight.
We got some unwanted aerial attention!
This stuff we've got is useless. We'd be better off throwing snowballs.


I'm not your average mercenary.
Sounds like something an armchair general would come up with, not a seasoned field commander.
Anyone who didn't see that coming, raise your hand.






Countryside looks a little too damn quiet for my liking. I say we find this Miguel dude and hunker down.
My eyeballs are waterin'! All I can make out are painful shadows.
This is futile.
My kind of guy.
Enemies have been detected in this area.
Keep in mind, we didn't get them all.

The puff of smoke, the thud of the body... Man, there's nothing like it.
Isn't that the kid we're supposed to be keeping an eye out for?
Well, she better say her prayers, Miguel, cause she's got another thing coming. Like a bullet to the head. Good to be on board with ya.
Yeah! We're good! Once someone notifies their next of kin, we can move on to the next sector.
Whoever stole our stuff outta here, I'll be using this box as their coffin, if ya get my drift.
Stand up and let me do it again! Man, she had that coming... I hate being jerked around like that!
Puddy-cat! I'm sure I see a puddy-cat!
You're the best damn commander this side of the tracks. I know it. I was here from day one right until ground zero. Fine job.
They musta realized the writing was on the wall. They left us the place.
Resting my eyes for a bit. I'll get on it shortly.
Back on the clock.
I second that.
This dollar-store thing is whacked. It's useless.
Hold tight! This thing's rigged to blow.
Keep your feet in the dotted lines, man. Straying could be dangerous.
Need to... find something that floats... Or I'm... gonna die...
Got where I needed to be. What's on the agenda?
