Stiffs!
Punks! Think I'll introduce myself.
Gonna need a hand here.
Stiffs!
Idle your motor there, fella. There's no cause for excitement!
I got some weird feelings about this. I mean...I saw a guy get sucked into the cooling system at the steel plant. Family ended up burying the mop we used to wipe him up.
What was that I heard?
How's about we talk when it's safe. Seems like a good idea to me.
Place smells of trouble.
Anybody else hear that. Sounds like something moved below us.
Gonna need a hand here.
Got something over there.
What is that?
Gotta get me some lead.
Ugh! I'm not gonna make it. I'm coming, Mary... I'll be with ya soon... if I don't get lost...


Oh, that's a tough one. Gus seemed to know what he was doing.
What's the story?
Gotta fix this thing before it gets somebody killed. Like me!
I can handle it. I ran a neighborhood watch, you know.
Mary? Is that you, Mary?
Ohhhh! My tinker's pumping good.
Is this expected. I mean... Can anybody else make this shot?
I'm gonna need a plaster. A big plaster.
I gotta punchout soon. My feet are killing me.
What's the rush? I had a triple by-pass, you know.
Gotcha!
Ha! That was kinda funny.
I think that Ivan may have communist leanings, if you know what I'm saying here. He sure talks like one of them Ruskies. I'd rather stay away from him.
Igor may be trying to pass himself off as one of us, but I know a Ruskie when I see one. He's one of them. I know what I'm talking about. He'll be building a wall right down the middle of this country before we know it.
Numb is a street punk. I've seen his type when I was working the neighborhood watch. I got him pegged as a car thief. Not good having those types around.
Me and that punk Numb don't see eye to eye. I can't be here with him. It goes against everything I believe in. The watch would take away my official, fluorescent-orange, district, patrol vest if they knew.
Holy Mazolly. Anybody else see that?
I tell you, this is one hot country they got going down here.
Signed off on that one, chief. What's next?
NO! Spent my whole marriage wanting to say that.
It was like the fourth of July. Brought a couple tears to my eye there.
Good! Those were sure some nasty alley cats. Let's hope we don't run into any stray dogs.
Had someone like that down at the steel plant. Ended up as a door on an Eldorado.
Gotta tell ya... this place sure ain't the good ol' U.S. of A..
Great bunch of fellows, I tell ya.
Kamikazes!
You know, you can get better stuff than this at the St. Judes Helping Hand outlet in Cleveland. Right after the Kovorski Deli on Center street, you're gonna wanna make a tight left... no, it's a right. I'm sure of it.
You know you gotta trust people. People are good. I mean I can count the number of times I got snookered, but who's counting? Trust people, I say, and carry a well-maintained, fully loaded, firearm.
Nobody better be smoking none of those Cuban cigars, cause that wouldn't be right. We gotta bring that guy to his knees. It's gonna happen any year now. You just watch.
Who said I was old?
You just waking up? Take your time here.
What was that all about?
Ivan can speak all the bad English he wants, but I know what's going on in that Ruskie head of his. It spells trouble for the rest of us, and I'm getting out of here before it happens.
These Ruskie guys like Igor are just using this hard time in the homeland stuff to infiltrate. Gonna have their Lenin tentacles all over the place before you know it. Well, I'm no sympathizer, I'm outta here.


Look at that Gus guy. Now that's a soldier.
You having a tough time, pal? I mean, am I with you or ain't I?
Have you finished yet, deadman?
My eyes are burning bad. Like the time I started the barbeque with paint thinner.
Is there some trick to this I'm just not getting?
Did you see the melons?
There's punks on the loose. There's always punks on the loose.
Was anybody counting? Cause I'm not sure we got them all.

John Kulba from Cleveland, Ohio. The Gateway to Hell!
No need to worry about me. I was a Commander in the neighborhood watch right up until a week ago. I know how to handle the streets.
I came a long way... Don't imagine you'd reconsider. I mean what am I gonna go home to now that Mary's not around? The grandchildren? You ever meet my grandchildren? Come on, be a pal... There's got to be something I can do.
That's it? I thought it be a lot tougher than that to wipe 'em out.
Ya know a guy named Pablo who works at the airport? I wouldn't trust that slippery man to park my car.
Ah, don't tell me they got a woman in charge. I mean... Don't take that the wrong way, it's just an observation.
That's what a little pussy turns into!
Can't we go find another war somewhere. I mean why stop now? Maybe we could start one. I know I'm looking for something to do.
They ran away.


Ditto!
Who maintains this stuff?
It has some funny looking parts to it.
The ground looks like somebody was doing something. I don't like the looks of it.

I'm double-parked. Looking for something to do.
