Another customer!
This one's too stupid to even know I'm here!
There's a line-up.
Where's my pepper spray?
You can't trust the government.
I don't think so...
There's a mad rush.
I don't think so...
It looks like it could be trouble.
It looks like it could be trouble.
Where's my pepper spray?
More stuff.
More stuff.
No ammo! I need a resupply!
I'm going need serious medical attention if I'm going to live to collect my disability.
I'm gonna get the son-of-a-bitch who killed Reuban and send tiny parts of his body to every state in the continental U.S. of A. Postage due!



Gun's screwed!
I've seen more gunfire at the postal station.
I don't get paid enough for this.
He doesn't know who he's shooting at!
Everyone always wants the impossible.
Doesn't look like the bleeding is going to stop.
Either I take a short break now, or I'm lying down for a long one.
I pulled out my back...
Next!
Next!
I hate snitches! I had one of those Bud Hellar types down at the postal station. Second week on the job, he disappeared. The same thing's gonna happen to Bud!


It's done... Hope you're happy.
That's impressive!
Ah... To hell!
It's done... Hope you're happy.
I won't be able to make it. I can't be everywhere!
Once I'm through with you, they'll be able to bury you in a standard, number eight, Manila envelope!
I'm bored! I joined for the carnage. Things are far too quiet for me to hang around!
Your butt is mine, buster! You'd better pray we never cross paths.
You have no respect for labour!
I just need a couple of more signatures and A.I.M. is unionised, so you better be careful how you treat your people.
Cut me some slack!
It was broken when I got it.
I'm union. I don't work for anything below scale, and if you find somebody who does, let me know - I'll teach them the error of their ways.
My lawyer says I have to burn all that mail I've failed to deliver and stashed in my town house. Uh, something about search warrant being excercised later today.
It's why I joined. Cash, carnage and no more polyester uniforms.
There's a harebrained idea.
Oh, this mission is in the toilet!
I quit! I'd strangle that Bud Whatever-his-name-is! That's if I could get his head out of your butt! If not, I'd just shoot him.

Reuban's probably the only person on the planet, who I wouldn't enjoy killing. He's cheap labor. Our country was built by guys like him.


I've called for a boycott of you. The ability to blow money like that could probably get you pretty high ranking government posting.
He's a heel sucking twerp!
Someone's gonna have to answer for this!
Nothing ever does what it's supposed to do.
Haven't I seen you in somebody else's magazine?
I was promised carnage! Plenty of carnage!
Apparently, you've won a rather large amount of money in the Sweepstakes. If you just let me know where I can find you, I'll get you to sign, and be on my way.

I could take you and that ragamuffin band of paper-pushing, numb-butted, overpaid, insignificants all by myself!
Now we got to get all the way back.
Fired!!! I've never been fired! I worked for the post office for twenty-two years and I never missed more than a... month of work in any year!
Personally, I think we should get a bonus when things go this well.
You gotta appreciate this. This is better than that old-age paycheck scam we were running, no signatures to forge or anything.
I don't appreciate affordable labour being abused like that.
Where's my pepper spray?
Been there and seen it... There wasn't enough carnage or action to get me to go back.
We won't be seeing anybody wearing that color any more.
I'm having my coffee. I'll get back to you when I'm finished.
Ya... You got me. Just don't go making like you own me.
I've already told you!
It was broken when I got it.
It looks like it could be trouble.
They insist on changing the route on me...
I'm going under... It's a bitch there's nobody to take with me...
Keep your eyes on the clock. I don't do overtime.
