I have visual contact.
See one! My position unknown.
Multiple sightings!
See one! 
See one! 
Show your face, liver-belly!
I'm clueless over here...
Show your face, liver-belly!
You're way off! And way out of line to boot!
Let's pay attention!
Multiple sightings!
Located something.
Located something.
I've depleted all my ammo.
I have major injuries... Need attention immediately...or I'm gonna...die!




My piece misfired!
Being shot at! Like that's never happened to me before...
I'm getting clobbered!
I'm used to it...
It's an abnormal request, but who I am to question it.
I need some time out to patch-up.
Once you learn how to sleep on your feet, you can stay up all night.
I'm short of breath.
Get a hold of yourself!
Killed!
What's with this Raffitto?! He's a nutball! Fire him! Kill him! Just do something with him before he tries to take a scalpel to me!


Somebody write the family...
Massacred!

Mission accomplished!
That'd be pointless.
Somebody write the family...
Killed!
He's a screwball!
It's a tempting proposition...
I thought I followed procedure.
Don't break out the champagne just yet, hotdog!
It's not useable.
Get with the program! We kill people for a living! Do you think stealing is beneath us?

Stay that way!
After wearing that blue helmet for nine years, today I actually get to kill something... You!
You're perfect material for the peacekeepers. Heck, they'd probably make you a commander.
With a set of hair like that, it must be Raffi. He's a screwball!




I got nothing to sight up.
This was a short stint, buddy! Too short!

It's nailed down!

Let's pay attention! It looks like pressure triggers might have been planted around here.
Let's pay attention!



There never seems to be enough time, does there?
It feels great to actually win something!

Killed!
See one! 
It's a privilege to serve under you.
All of that company's been accounted for!
I goofed.
It's workable.

It's not useable.
Deactivating it might be too complex for me!
Deactivating it might be too complex for me!
I can't continue... Can't swim any further...
We got what we came for.

I have to say no! Your casualty record is worse than the peacekeeping force I was assigned to... And your guys are allowed to fire back!
This is worse than anything I've ever witnessed working as a peacekeeper. We're getting massacred! Don't look for me anymore.
I have to say no! You've made far too many personnel changes. Something I feel reflects upon your leadership.
You'll have to increase your contribution if you want to stay in the running.
I'm sorry, but those infernal moving men have yet to show. The woman on the phone tells me they're en route but I have my doubts.
You weren't the only offer. If you still intend to hire me, you're going to have to suggest some sort of cash enticement.
I've spent a mission with that nutball, Raffitto. I won't even think about rejoining until he's no longer a member of your squad!


I'll need to see proof that you can gather up the money to pay me. Having it is the best proof I can think of.
You're my only offer, so I'm hitching up.
If you're my only offer, then I'm yours.



This is worse than anything I've ever witnessed working as a peacekeeper. We're getting massacred! Don't look for me anymore.
It's like I said...
Somebody else came up with a better suggestion.
It's too bad. I would have liked to sign up, but I'm in the process of moving.
This is worse than anything I've ever witnessed working as a peacekeeper. We're getting massacred! Don't look for me anymore.
I've spent a mission with that nutball, Raffitto. I won't even think about rejoining until he's no longer a member of your squad!





It's like I said...
I gave you my full attention. I can no longer afford to do that.
I can't wait for the chance to actually discharge my weapon.
At the price you paid for it, it better be guaranteed for life and have some gold content.
You've never hired anyone as eager as me. I've had to lay low and watch for far too long.
Your suggestion was the best of the lot. I'm signing on with your squad.
I've already given too much of my attention to your poor attempts at bribery.
Offing Raffi can only make battlefield safer for all of us!

I guess even the best of things have to come to an end.
I'm use to six months stints. The last time I worked for you I didn't even get a chance to go to the john. Forget it!
