Got the upper hand on one here, boy.
I've located an enemy here, boy!
The place is crawling with 'em, boy!
Got the upper hand on one here, boy.
Got the upper hand on one here, boy.
Bad news, boy...
This is not a good sign.
Bad news, boy...
It's like a cemetery around here.
Bad news, boy...
The place is crawling with 'em, boy!
I found something here.
I found something here.
I'm out of slugs!
I've been hit bad, boy! You'd be better just to leave me...
They may have killed the Corporal, boy, but they're going to have deal with the Major!



Gun's jammed up pretty good!
Taking enemy fire, boy!
I need help, boy!
Not even close.
I can't get a fix on the target, boy!
I got a bleeder, boy!
I slipped up, boy!
What's the water situation like?
We can kiss those boys goodbye!
Boy did we kick butt!
Listen up, boy! It's that kink, Doctor Bernie Gloveless, or it's me! But one of us ain't stayin'!


Gonna bag this fool, boy!
Ohh yeah!

We have come through with flying colors, boy!
I still can't make it, boy!
We have come through with flying colors, boy!
Boy did we kick butt!

I'm not happy one bit, boy! So long old friend!
What are you? Bored?
Okay... So ya got lucky, boy!
We gonna have to repair this thing boy! It don't work
Can't handle it, doughboy?

You can hold your head up high, boy!
We're sorry, boy... We didn't know the guns were loaded.
Just tell me where you want it, boy!
It's that sicko Gloveless, boy!

Ohh Yeah!


Listen up, boy, and listen up close. Spike Scallion's got your name and face and a damn good memory. You and I aren't finished!
I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch!
I'm takin' lead, boy!
I must be having a bad day! Normally, I can do this stuff with my hands tied.

One step at a time here, boys... The place looks like a flippin' excavation site!
We can kiss those boys goodbye!

Boy did we kick butt!

It's getting about time to close things down, boy.
Mission accomplished, boy. Sector all clear!

Boy did we kick butt!
Got the upper hand on one here, boy.
Start chilling the champagne, boy! All's we have left to do is get it to the base!
Mission accomplished, boy. Sector all clear!
I slipped up, boy!
How ya doing, boy?
Give me that again, boy!
It's stuck on there real good, boy.
It's packing a punch, boy! I can probably deactivate it.
Take it one step at a time here, boys... Looks to me like they might have something planned or planted.
I can't stay above water much longer, boy!
Now it's your turn, boy!

So, take a hike, boy! I can find other work!
You're pitiful, boy! I'm leaving, and with any luck most people will forget I was ever part of it.
You got a death wish, boy!
You gotta be kidding, boy! You gave me my walking papers before I even fired my gun.
I got a couple of hot leads! Gonna have to see if they come in before I make any guarantees, boy.
If you manage to borrow the cash, boy, you come back and see me!
You're gonna have to get rid of that Doctor Bernie Gloveless, boy. I know him better than I care to remember.


You might want to keep in mind...that finding work ain't really a problem for me, boy.
Nothing happening, boy! I'm accepting your offer!
You were the most serious of the lot, boy! You got me!
I was just yakking with Len... Let's go kick butt!


I got a couple of people offering me the same money, boy. Why not show everybody this time around that you really mean business.
Like I said to ya...
Got a few offers on tap, boy. I'm looking for some extra cash from my new boss!
That'll do fine boy! We've got a deal!
You're pitiful, boy! I'm leaving, and with any luck most people will forget I was ever part of it.
Oh, yeah. No more lining up to get examined by Bernie!


I got some serious problems with the way you're running things, boy! But I haven't seen Len in a while, so I won't pass on the chance.


Like I said to ya...
Let me clear the fog І for ya here... boy! A mercenary is a soldier who works for money! І We got to know for sure we're gettin' paid before we take an assignment!
Spike Scallion is the name! Filling people with holes is my game, boy!
You guys trying to go somewhere without me?
How ya doing, boy?
It's good to hear from ya!. But, you'll have to show me what you're made of, boy, if I'm going to think about working for you!
It's gettin' about time to close things down, boy.


Listen boy, I've never had this done to me before! And I can promise you it ain't never going to happen again.
That takes care of everything, boy!
