Ready to engage!
I got the drop on this guy.
I've got a situation here!
I've got a situation here!
I've got a situation here!
Ready to engage!
Well...?
Ready to engage!
Let's not be overconfident, I'm getting a bad feeling about this place.
I could have sat this one out!
I've got a situation here!
I spotted something!
I spotted something!
Ammo's a problem!
Fighting to stay conscious... Don't know how long I can last!




My piece is jammed!
Sniper!
It's more painful than it looks!
That was a little too close for my liking...
I don't have a clear shot.
Took a flesh wound.
I need to ease up for a moment.
This place is worse than a sauna!
Problem solved.
Problem solved.
From here on in, he'll be known as Unusually Dead Reuban!


I'm a professional!
What a way to put it away!
Got to go! No time to explain!
Well... If it has to get done, I'm the right man to do it!
Gotta be a mistake.
She had a lot of class!
I'm a professional!
There's nothing quite like stiffing the guy that stiffed you. Thanks!
No can do! That cloud over your head's gotten way too dark for me!
This one's ours to win. All we have to do is protect this with our lives.
Maybe you'd have better luck if we stood still?
This thing is malfunctioning.
I would never abandon my men, nor would they allow it! If it's time to move on, we're going as a group!

We're running things now!
You could be discharged for that!
You could be discharged for that!
Came across one! It smells like Reuban!




It looks doable. Just give me a couple of minutes to fill out some paperwork, and I'll get back to you.
I want to fire off a shot while this bird won't know what hit him.
I'm in combat!
I should have been able to handle it.
You're a real piece of work!
Stay alert! The ground seems displaced around here.
That troop won't pose any more problems!

I'm a professional!

Well... If it has to get done, I'm the right man to do it!
This sector is under our control now.

Problem solved.
I've got a situation here!
We won this one!
This sector is under our control now.
I need to ease up for a moment.
I can get a handle on a good direction.
Sure I'll go back to work for you.
This thing is malfunctioning.
I think we should get an explosive's guy down here to take a look at this.
I think we should get an explosive's guy down here to take a look at this.
I'm gasping for air... Too tired to swim...
Colonel Kelly reporting for duty, Commander.

I wish I could, but I'm building an extension on my house!
If I wanted more money, i've told you straight out, I'm a professional. Greenbucks aren't gonna change my mind!
I'm gone! This place is a crap shoot and you're shooting crap! I'll make myself available when you manage to actually chalk up a successful mission!
And you'll have to deal with it, because there's no more dealing with me.
Keep trying... I'm about to finish off the roof. I could be available soon.
I think you're making a mistake... If you change your mind, you know where to contact me.
Unusually Ruthless Reuban... Crazy Reuban... Trimmer of the family tree. You can call him whatever you want, but I ain't working with him!


You're in the running, but you're going to have to increase the amount if you want to stay there.
Who could refuse such a gift?
Consider me on duty!



I'm a professional! Greenbacks aren't going to change the way I feel about you!
Okay, I'll say it again...
You'd better put out the call for blood donors.
You can't be foolish enough to think you can win this without me?
Listening to you has been a mistake! One I won't repeat!
What are you doing bringing crazy Reuban down here? Get rid him, or I'll quit!





Okay, I'll say it again...
You're shy a couple of greenbacks!
In times of trouble, they call me Kick-Ass Kelly!
You'll really have to prove yourself before I'll sign on!
Normally, I don't even listen to bribes, but I like ya... So, I'll give you one last chance at making me an offer I can't refuse.
Excellent choice... You're starting to look serious about winning this thing!
Spare me the sob stories! I just want to get out of here!


Listen doorknob, I've already been worked over by you!
Wouldn't you know it. I was just about to call you back when another job offer came in. Now... I'm looking for signing bonus.
