Made contact with the enemy.
I've made contact... Haven't been spotted!
In contact with a couple of rebels.
Made contact with the enemy.
I really don't wanna get on his bad side.
I've been in this situation before, things don't feel right around here.
I don't feel good about this.
I don't feel good about this.
Better keep my eyes open.
Better keep my eyes open.
Consider it taken care of.
I can see something.
I can see something.
I need a resupply of ammo, pronto.
I can't take the pain...
It just won't be the same without Bob.


I'm slightly unclear about the best direction.
My gun won't fire!
They're shooting at me!
I'm getting nailed!
Maybe there's a position for you at the PX!
I'd like to have a better position.
Request medical attention.
I'm drained...
I'm drained...
It's about time!
It's about time!
That gasbag, Shudlem, should have stuck to delivering babies!


I hope you understand it was nothing personal.
This is disgusting!
It's too bad. I had thought the course was ending today...
I'm sure I did it by the book.
Obviously, that isn't going to happen.
Excellent command, sir!
We have to consider establishing a route back to the compound.
That hustler pulled the wool over our eyes!
My, what a fine example of uninspired leadership.
And just what military academy were you thrown out of?
It's a trap! Let's get outta here!
It doesn't want to work!
Hey... I'm a married man!
I'll tell you what's going on. Just remember you heard it from me first...
I was always good at picking the right commander!
That would be highly irregular.
The mission has become impossible!
I can't believe my luck, sir. I've located Mitch Shudlem.

Bob's a good friend and a war hero.


We're running out of time, sir!
It's too bad...
Hey! What about me?
I'm sorry, but I'm not normally asked to work with my hands!
Just a guy trying to make a living.
I can feel it in the air. It's going to blow wide-open any minute!
You guys are trying to make it difficult.

The credit's all yours, sir!
That hustler must be juiced good.
You can mark me down as being definitely interested.
We've eliminated that platoon!
Talk about being lowballed!
I hope you understand it was nothing personal.
I don't feel good about this.
Mission successful!
Operation successful. Sector secure.
I'm drained...
Time to get to work.
Hey! What about me?
It doesn't want to work!
I think it's rigged.
Obviously, someone has been digging around here.
I've got to... rest. Can't keep swimming much longer...
We're at the midpoint of the mission, sir!

You can mark me down as being definitely interested. However, I'm in no rush to close the door on any other offers.
Had family, you know. Out of respect to them, there's no way I would work for you.
I'm not interested. I've already worked for you, and it didn't take long for you to fire me.
I can't help you out. I'm in training with the special forces.
I'll tell you what's going on. Just remember you heard it from me first...
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Good luck!
Anyone naïve enough to have Mitch Shudlem on their team doesn't deserve me.


We're running out of time, sir!
Ah, of course I'll continue to work for you.
Now that it's decided, it's time to get to work.
Bob's a good friend and a war hero to boot!


I won't be joining your team. You just didn't seem to want me bad enough.
Once again...
Where were you planning on getting the money?
This is what I get! After all the things I was willing to do for you! You're just going to toss me away like I was disposable?
...and a mother, and, ah, nevermind. Just don't look for me, 'cause I won't be here.
Make a decision. It's Mitch Shudlem or me, but this unit ain't big enough for both of us.


I was hoping for a little more... Bob and I are really close, and I'd really like to be able to justify accepting your offer.


Once again...
Where were you planning on getting the money?
I've got a military background, a list of references, a complete library of modern combat tactics, and I'll stir your coffee if you ask me.
Hey... I'm a married man!
Did you hear about Lynx and Buzz? Well... Keep it a secret, but I hear church bells in the distance...
Sure I'll go! If there's anything you need or anything I can do for you, you just let me know!
I don't expect to be changing my mind about you any time soon.
That gasbag, Shudlem, should have stuck to delivering babies!

I can't help you out... I'm in training with the special forces.
I just had a feeling... I guess the best way to decide which offer I should take would be a... the biggest signing bonus.
