Enemy soldier present.
I've crept into an enemy.
Enemy soldiers!
That's disgusting.
It looks dangerous.
How could this happen?
What's the deal again?
The atmosphere here is gloomy.
They're telling some pretty funny stories about you around here!
I'm not scared! You think being a mime is easy?
Margaret!
Caught a glimpse of something.
Oh, look!
Need ammunition urgently.
It feels like I'm... I'm on my last breath...
How could this happen? I just moved into Margaret's place. Is she really dead?


What's the deal again?
When I pull the trigger nothing happens!
I'm a target!
Take five?
They aren't kidding!
It will be tricky.
This is real blood I'm spilling.
Right now I just want to live through the day.
Take five?
Good show!
Good show!
Fox is a whore. A cheap whore with wondering eyes, who should be killed slowly with deliberate pain and plenty of suffering. I'm so excited!


I'm sorry...
That's disgusting.
The atmosphere here is gloomy.
Our goal has been accomplished.
I won't do that.
Good show! She's gone.
Right now? I'm just grateful to be alive.
It's quite apparent that you and I will never reach a compromise.
Despite our best intentions, we will not be able to complete our goal.
I passed around the hat far too many times in my previous career.
Margaret!
It's garbage.
Margaret said it would be non-stop action. Well this place has about as much action as most of the street corners I performed on.
I could move in right behind you and you'd never know it!
I acquired some battle experience. Perhaps it will lead to more work. Thank you.
I'm not convinced you know what you're doing.
I can't see how I can stay.
Oh look. It's that harlot Guzzman!

I know Margaret comes off as a bit of a hard shell, but she's really a pussycat once you get to know her.


I've been lucky enough to receive a number of offers. I'm soliciting a signing bonus from anyone who's interrested in employing me.
We're reaching the final stage.
Margaret!
I'm not strong enough.
Keep talking.
Right now? I just want to live through the day.
I'm just grateful to be alive.
Though my knowledge is limited, we appear to have made out like bandits on the deal.

Oh, look!
You must have been hard pressed to have asked me.
We've cancelled that troop's ticket.
My knowledge of these type of things is limited. However, there's no mistaking the fact that you were severely ripped off.
We were unable to reach any type of compromise.
It looks dangerous.
Despite some frightening moments it was really quite a thrill.
I never imagined being a mercenary would be this easy!
Give me a little while.
I just want to live through the day.
Keep talking.
It's garbage.
It looks dangerous.
I don't know much about booby traps, but those bumps in the ground sure look weird.
I can't go much longer! I'm going under!
I just got there.

I'm pretty new at this. I wouldn't be comfortable not knowing who I was going to be working with on any given day.
It's not possible. Working for you seems too dangerous at the moment.
And you may recall that we were unable to reach any type of compromise before, so there isn't much point in trying again.
Well, I didn't get shot at the party, but I did get Salmonella poisoning from undercooked barbacue. I won't be able to make it.
I'm performing at a birthday party. I don't get paid very well, but at least I know I won't get shot.
It's quite apparent that you and I will never reach a compromise.
I can't work with Fox. She's causing all kinds of trouble. It's only a question of time before somebody on the team pays a price for her behaviour.


Oh, I've forgot all about this dinner dance tonight being put on by the society of lesbian mimes.
You're offering the best package, so I'm joining with you.
I don't see why not. Sure, I'm in.
Working with Stella would be real special. Alright, I'll ignore my concerns about you for the chance.


The atmosphere here is gloomy. Nothing ever goes right and nothing gets done. When you're serious about completing a mission you can call me.
Would you like me to act it out for you? I said...
The way it was explained to me you have to have the cash on you.
I'm going to leave now and see if I can't hook up with a more stable assingment.
I'm new at this and too many of our people are getting killed. I'm not taking any more chances. I'm leaving.
I can't work with Fox. She's causing all kinds of trouble. It's only a question of time before somebody on the team pays a price for her behaviour.


Margaret and I are a team.


Would you like me to act it out for you? I said...
I'm sorry but you simply aren't offering the best package.
I am as quiet as a mouse... That is, after all, how I got my nickname.
Keep talking.
Why did you even ask me to come?
We might be able to work something out. Give me a little while to think about it.
I really don't think so. I'm not convinced you know what you're doing.
Fox, she's flaunting herself and making the situation unnecessarily dangerous for everybody.

Wow! Margaret said it wouldn't be too long before I saw action and made some money.
For the new girl in town I seem to be doing alright. A raise already!
