I've spotted a sinner, Lucifer awaits his soul!
I've spotted a sinner, ignorant of my existence...
I'm extremely busy here - ridding the world of sinners!
I've encountered evil!
I've encountered evil, ignorant of my existence.
Oh my Lord! This is not a good sign.
A definite indication something isn't right, my brother.
Repent and be saved, my dear brother!
This house of evil shall fall, let's move quickly!
Oh my Lord - if it isn't the Devil himself!
They're congregating!
I've spotted something!
I've spotted something!
I do miracles, not magic! I need more ammunition, now!
Forgive us our trespasses... as we forgive those th...



I seem to have lost my way.
This gun won't fire!
How's about some respect for the cloth?
I need a breather.
Praise be to God!
It would take a miracle!
I'm wounded.
Let's call it a day.
I need a breather.
May you be judged with mercy.
It bothers me to think that I laid witness to such heresy.
"Unusually Ruthless" Reuban is living proof that the Lord naps. Rid yourself of Satan and I'll continue to work for you.


Sorry, but as the good book sayeth - thou shall not stiff thy fellow mercenary.
Beg for forgiveness, and perhaps thou shall be forgiven!
Oh my Lord.
We have brought this mission to its rightful conclusion, my dear brother.
You must be confused.
Satan waits patiently for your arrival!
Victory's assured with God on your side!
Are you not familiar with the Old Testament?
My patience has been worn miraculously thin, my brother.
The world wasn't built in a day, my dear brother.
Repent and be saved, my dear brother!
It would take a miracle to get this thing working.
I imagine you'll expect me to provide religious services. Of course, after the service, I'll be available to waste whomever you want.
I'll expect you to attend my service every morning at seven.
I was blessed very early in life.
The Devil has had his say. We shall not be able to fulfill our objective.
My dear, dear brother! You were guided by misfortune. You have failed with such consistency, that I doubt you shall ever see the light!
Reuban T. Satan is by far the worst piece of work Lucifer has ever sent to represent him on God's Earth! I won't work with him.




I must quit, my brother. Though the Lord's work I do for free, I expect to get paid for the services I provide you. I can no longer take that for granted.
I have heard the man's confession. He makes Judas look like a misguided tattletale.
The Devil be cursed!
Surely there must be someone better qualified to do this!
I'm most grateful to have broken bread with you, my dear brother.
Prepare to meet thy maker!
I have seen more action in a chapel.

Thank the Lord!
With all due respect - this isn't very christian of you!
As much as I appreciate all the opportunities to administer last rites, I must be on my way.
With the help of the good Lord, I believe we've managed to secure this area!
You transaction has left us holding the short hand, my dear brother.
You're forgiven.
I've encountered evil!
We may not have changed the course of the world, dear brother - but we have made it clear who's in charge!
There's no need to be concerned with that group anymore.
Be patient, my dear brother.
We shall take the journey together, my dear brother.
As I've mentioned...
It would take a miracle to get this thing working.
It's booby trapped! But I've seen better.
We must watch ourselves. Someone has manipulated the soil.
I need your help, dear Lord!.. For I have lost a strength to swim any further...
Forgive me for the delay, my dear brother. I am with you.
