I've been spotted.
I could get this goon by surprise.
Have your last smoke soldier.
I've been spotted.
It's not possible.
There's something odd about it.
Close call.
I gotta find a crapper.
I'm a little flustered.
We're gonna have to do it again.
Lost cause!
I found something here.
I found something here.
Need more ammo! Quick!
Can't get up... I've got... multiple injuries...  I need medical attention... now!
Anita's dead! She was the first woman I truly loved. I'm gonna kill the person responsible!



My firearm is on the fritz... It won't shoot.
I'm under fire over here!
I'm punched...
Close call.
It's not possible.
I'll need to apply compresses or I'm gonna bleed all over the place.
I don't feel rested enough.
I'm punched...
You messed with the wrong broad buckaroo!
You messed with the wrong broad buckaroo!
Hurl won't be taking up any more of my time, the peculent pain in the ass.


I could kill him twice.
I gotta find a crapper.

Let's get down to work.
You're outta lunch.
One of us has got to go.
I've been doing this since I was in school.
That fast-talking shrimp!
We came up short soldier.
If you don't think a woman should be allowed in combat, I'd be more than willing to show you how you hadn't thought everything out.
Close call.
Forget it soldier!
I'm not much into this 'buy my silence' stuff. Especially not when I'm being demeaned.
Who needs men, right?
It won't mean anything when you're dead.
You remind me of patriotic puss.
I find it hard to believe you've done this before.
That guy looks a lot like Hurl... it is Cutter!

I'm the one who talked Anita into joining A.I.M.


There are other inquiries soldier.
Doing in one of our own is a little unorthodox, but...
Get your unskilled hands off me!
I have some experience at it, but I'm by no means an expert.
Protect her from any unnecessary danger.
I've run into some goons.
We're gonna have to do it again.
It looks like we got the best of them on this arrangement.

I wish I could kill him.
You're ordering me to kill a sister?
They never stood a chance.
I'm not comfortable with this.
And you can forget about using any of your underhanded methods to settle this matter soldier.
Puss!
You're a competent commander soldier. It was good to serve for you.
I don't believe we'll be seeing any more of those animals.


A cause I believe in.
I'm not having any luck getting this thing to work.
There's something odd about it.
The ground looks dangerous around here.
I'm swallowing water... I won't make it!
You owe us soldier. We came through for you.

You will have to show more commitment to the people you hire if you ever want me to consider working for you.
You're allowing the enemy to take all the glory. I don't want my name assocciated with your lost cause.
I thought I was clear when I left. I won't be going back!
I've been working too hard. I'm gonna have to pass on your offer.
My apologies for the inconvenience soldier. If your the only one who asks you can consider me in soldier. Let's get down to work.
Just remember, when you need me I won't be back.
I'm not Cutter's personal physician. If you want that candy butt on your team, you can't have me.


It won't be long before out of time.
OK, I'll give you a short leash.
Consider me in.
I accept your offer. It will allow me to keep an eye on Anita and protect her from any unnecessary danger.


You have absolutely no commitment to the team or any of it's members. I can't stay here any longer.
Like I've already said...
You can't even dream of paying me soldier.
It was one of my better assingments soldier.
I'm leaving before my good name becomes associated with this lost cause.
One of us has got to go. I can't spend my days dispensing medical advice to that gomer Hurl Cutter. I'm not his personal physician.


I have a relationship to consider here soldier.


Like I've already said...
You were too restrained in your offering, I... I won't be able to help you.
Let's put it behind us and get down to work.
I've been doing this since I was in school and though I... I hide my age well, I assure you I've got quite a few years of experience.
We're no further ahead.
You're fighting for a cause I believe in.
Forget it soldier. You're to stingy to converse with.
I'm not Cutter's personal physician. Sometimes I wish I could kill him twice.

It's time to head for home.
Open the piggy bank soldier.
