The punk's got me sighted.
Got a tuned up twerp here junior.
These punks are all over the place.
The punk's got me sighted.
Now I've met them all.
That's it, get the old guy to do the dirty work.
I'm sure I heard something.
We've come too far.
That's it, get the old guy to do the dirty work.
Can't let nothing stand in our way junior.
These punks are all over the place.
I'm sure I saw something around here.
Look junior.
I need bullets now junior!
My life's flashing before my eyes junior and it's flashing quickly...
Pops McGillicutty is dead? God. We've fought a lot of battles together. I'm sure he would've wanted to go out this way.


Where was I going again?
This is suicidal! My gun won't fire!
The punk's trying to take me down!
That's it junior. I'm retiring.
Thank my lucky stars.
I haven't got a line of fire junior.
I've felt better.
If I don't get my adrenalin going soon junior I'm gonna fall into a slumber.
I'm getting kinda old for this.
Good riddance punk.
Good riddance punk.
I've always wanted to do this junior. I'm gonna make that cocky whippersnapper Garry Roachburn suffer!


Did Biff teach you everything you know junior?
When we get a chance junior I'll need some dressing.

There. Now I'm ready.
I don't want to do this junior.
This isn't gonna cost me anything is it missy?
I was doing this kind of thing before you were born junior.
You haven't shaken my skepticism yet junior.
The way your luck's running junior it's no longer good for my reputation to be on your team.
I can't tell you how much I miss the old days junior. There was only fifteen of us working for A.I.M. and we always had work.
It's hard to believe you're still alive.
I believe O'Brian ows you a kiss junior.
You civilians... fiddling with things for no reason. I don't need this. You've got to give the team a chance junior.
Basically I take care of myself. I eat right, avoid seaport women.
I've got a full squad's worth of experience under my hood junior.
Ok junior, I'll look the other way this time.
Have you been drinking junior?
It looks like that mouthy twerp Roachburn.

You can't do that to Pops junior and expect to get away with it.


Another job came in junior. I think of taking the one that offers the best signing bous.
Let the old guy give you some advice here junior. Hide! Hide real well!
We ain't got a chance now junior.
Rookie mistake.
Smart negotiating there junior.
Greenhorn alert! Greenhorn alert!
Can't let nothing stand in our way junior.
I'll take care of her.

Look junior.
Junior, you've got too many new guys joining up, and too many old guys getting their walking papers. In my age I don't need the crap.
We finished off that gang of punks junior.
I don't understand what went wrong.
I was willing to listen junior but you blew it.
I've met them all.
We've got the job done junior!
We definitely came out on top.


I've heard plenty.
This thing's as old as I am. I can't get it to work.
It's triggered junior. Triggered to take an arm.
I wouldn't be surprised if those punks planted something around here.
My age is catching up with me junior. I can't stay afloat!
That's it junior.

Not today. I've got to live a long time junior and I attribute it to my cautiousness.
No son. I've met them all, but I ain't never heard of any quite as deadly as yourself.
No junior. You might recall I was there. I left in protest.
It's a heck of a coincidence junior but everyone is offering the same amount.
Feels good doesn't it junior? ... Where was I going again?
It's highly disrespectful junior. I'll be removing you from the list of potentials.
I can't work for you as long as that cocky whippersnapper Garry Roachburn is on your team.


We should keep the time in mind junior.
I'm not feeling quite as uptight as I was junior. I guess I could stay for a little while longer.
You've got a new merc junior.
It's always a pleasure to work with pops junior. Simply because he's there I'll make the trip.


No junior. With your luck it's hard to believe you're still alive.
Just like I already told you...
Looks like you have cash flow problems junior.
It was a pleasant experience junior. We'll be seing you.
I've seen them all and I ain't never seen any quite as deadly as yourself junior. I'm getting my tail out of here while it's still intact.
If that cocky little snitch Garry Roachburn had been on your team before I joined son I never would've. Now unload him or I'm leaving.


I'm looking forward to working for you junior. It's always a pleasure to work with pops.


Just like I already told you...
Looks like you have cash flow problems junior.
I'm looking forward to working for you junior.
I've got a full squad's worth of experience under my hood junior.
Come on junior...
I think we can work something out junior. Just give me some time.
Sorry junior, but I'm gonna have to go with the highest.
I'm gonna make that cocky whippersnapper Garry Roachburn suffer!

There won't be none of that wailing and dealing crap this time around junior.
Look junior, the cash is gonna help finance my retirement.
