Perp in range.
I caught a perp off guard.
Bunch of punks!
Perp in range.
I caught a perp off guard.
Looks like you typical homicide/body dump.
What was that?
Let's stay on our toes.
Let's stay on our toes.
What was that? A bad joke?
I could really use some help.
Something here.
Something here.
Need slugs! The sooner, the better!
I'm a sitting duck... I don't think I can get up. I'm bleeding everywhere.
The almighty Mike is dead!?



This is extremely dangerous! I can't get this gun to shoot!
How big a target do you want?
Don't worry about me.
That will keep you awake!
I can't take the perp down from here.
I'll need the services of a medic.
It's almost the end of the shift.
I gotta drop a couple of pounds.
How fast do you gotta be to shoot people?
There's still plenty of leftovers.



You axed Mike! You got your name in the history books, but in this case it's not really a good thing, is it?
As far as I'm concerned, there's too many dead down there already.
I'm having a bad day.
Now, where did I put those damn Twinkies?
You just don't know how to play ball!
Thank you. It brought back fond memories of all the great years I spent in vice.
Danger may be my business, but since I've been here I'm no longer comfortable with dying as the bottom line. I have to get out!
You gotta lot of nerve, punk!
I'm a dedicated mercenary looking for a dedicated employer.
This is war! You don't get a phone call.
Are you kidding?
Maybe it's me, but I can't get it to work.
You know, I would really prefer to be called Herman, or, uh, sergeant detective Regents... Not that there's anything you can do about it.
Hey! It's all muscle!
This calls for a celebration. What do you say we get some eats?
Have you been bought? Do you have cash problems? Or did you pop a fuse?
Case closed, the mission has become impossible.


The opportunity to work with someone of Mike's caliber doesn't happen very often.


It's a good thing I have my policeman's brotherhood pension to supplement my income. There seems to be an abundance of chizzlers like you out there.
Ya know... If I killed Mike, nobody would ever call me slow again.
I'm stunned!
I really tried to do this.
Nice talking to you, but I've got better deal elsewhere.
Perp in vicinity!
The sooner we get it, the sooner we get to chow down!

This is where all that muscle comes in handy.
Looks suspicious to me.
I pulled my weight. I have no regrets!
That's the end of that corps!
If I were still working the beat, I'd take the old phone book to that character and this would be the last scheme he ever pulled.
This calls for a celebration. What do you say we get some eats?
Are you kidding?
I've never made this much money in my life! I'm going back to Chicago to celebrate!
Come on guys! Stop running!
It might take me a while, but I can catch up.
What's for dinner?
Weren't you paying attention?
Maybe it's me, but I can't get it to work.
Whoever put it on, didn't want it to be opened.
Looks like somebody's been shoveling dirt.
I can't swim!
We got it!
