G'day.
G'... I mean, hola!
Me? I'm just a native Arulcan, going about my...business. Doing... the, ah.....stuff we Arulcans do.
I've never been a abroad! I'm a true blue Arulcan.
I don't take donations. Not here, anyway. 
Arulco is not a siginificant world player, but like Iraq, like Afghanistan, there is a bloodbath on every corner.
Quite frankly that's nonsense. You must have mistaken me for...ah...s-some other person.
That would obviously be unwise.
I'm....ah...leaking!
No more bullshit!
Thank you, I wish others had more of a sense of a duty of care that you do.
You bloody wombat! 
I'm extremely stubborn, but....erm, not extremely good at disguising myself. 
Who do you think is behind it all? It's not just Deidranna's soldiers, what about the Traconians? The hoods of Kingpin? Hale & Burton? This is just the tip of an iceberg.
We are all going to have to do something about it. If we don't do something about it we all run the risk of losing the democracy that we have treasured for so long. 
Let's be....let's be realistic.......You can silence me, but you can't silence the truth! 
Since 95 percent of donations have been blockaded by others, I would be happy to take anything right now.
That's extremely serious business, but I'm not a combatant.
*extension of being spotted*
Who sent you? The C.I.A.? The Aussies? Those bloody Kiwis? Let's be realistic. Let's be reasonable. Have you heard of "Weekly Leaks"? Well, I suspect you do, that's why we find ourselves in this situation. All options are on the table.
We get thousands of cables, daily, and it's only going to increase. You give me a fair go...I'll set things up with my staff, so whenever they get something you should know, they'll give you the drum.
When you turn a bright light on, the cockroaches scuttle away, and that's what we need to do to here in Arulco.
You have intelligence and courage, you will help change history. I'll have to leave and go in hiding, if you've managed to find me so easily, they'll be others that can too... Just remember to check your e-mail.
