Hello, can I help you?
You're back! It's good to see you are still alive.
No I'm not from Arulco, I came over here to study in Salinas, I was so shocked when I turned up at the campus.
I didn't have anytime to think about it, I'm now learning first-hand in the field, no time for theory classes.
We're not supposed to take gifts, but maybe one of the patients can use it.
Medical supplies are always low, a lot are contaminated in transit or the better items are stolen by the Queen's army in the day and the rebels at night. 
Don't talk to me like that! I'm doing the best I can!
I really don't think I'd be of any use to you, not outside of the hospital anyway.
Urgh...Oh my God, someone please help me!
I can't stand around and chat any more, people need my help.
Thank you. I'll put it in the donation box.
Ouch! that looks serious, I wish I could help you with that but the hospital is already understaffed.
All of the senior doctors had to flee after the Queen's troops discovered they were treating foreign mercenaries, I heard some didn't make it out alive. I'm so sorry but if I help you further I put at risk the lives of everyone else here.
There is another doctor from overseas running a makeshift field hospital North East of here. Maybe he can see to your wounds?
We can't help you until the shooting stops!
There was a shady looking man in here claiming to know you. He said if you came by, you could find him in San Mona. He didn't say precisely where. --- dont need
Some creepy man named Carmen wanted me to tell you he was in Drassen. --- dont need
Thanks, they're not hospital grade issue, but we need all the help we can get.
I've got one lunatic in this hospital already and I don't have enough strait-jackets for another one!
Oh, how embarrassing, all these patients needing treatment and the one person who's supposed to be helping them joins them.
It is most unfortunate, but we can't help you. We are the only medical facility in the countryside. And we mustn't lose the trust of the people we serve. Gain their trust, and then we will be able to help you. ---
From what I hear, you seem to be making headway against the army. It is very good news. It offers us all hope. ---dont need
Gordon Quest *****
Don't take this the wrong way, but you look like someone who's used to dealing with mental people. Listen... there's one patient left here that we had to lock down in confinement. Poor Gordon,
he never really recovered after his time in the Queen's prison. He barely sleeps and used to just talk to himself and play with a Barbie doll he found, but since the Doctors ordered it to be taken away, he's gone completely out of control!
We had to do something! He started writing on the walls with blood. As if supplies weren't scarce enough!
Now most of the staff have left, I'm the one whosupposed to give him his medication, but I'm too afraid to go near him. He's so agitated right now! Here's the key to his room. Could you please try to calm him down, so I can take care of it?
Gordon Recruited *****
You... recruited him?! But he's... I mean... well, I guess that could work. At least I won't have to take care of him anymore. Who knows, maybe somehow this will help him deal with his demons? I really appreciate your help. 
Gordon killed after *****
You killed him? My God, that's not what I meant! He was just a scared, broken man... How....how could I think you'd understand, that you'd even care! Please....please leave. I don't want to see you here anymore.
Gordon killed before *****
You killed Gordon? You broke into his cell and murdered him? What is wrong with you people?! Why would you even...Please....leave! I don't want to see you here anymore!
