Pleased to meet you, Richard Chainlie, Corporate Executive. It would have been wise for you to have made an appointment and you really ought to put those guns away, some of my staff are not fond of strangers with guns.
What's wrong? Did you forgot something?
The oil business keeps me busy, perhaps you should do the same... with whatever it is you do.
Business is good, new aquisitions and branching into untapped sectors can be quite demanding. Good, but demanding.
Ha ha, that's okay, you keep that for yourself, you look like you need it more than me.
Sales figures? I'm sure you're an educated person, oil profits just keep getting higher and a higher.
Listen, sonny, I'm not accustomed to tolerating threats from little men with big guns. People have a way of disappearing very quickly here down South. I'll give you one more chance, so let's leave it at that.
You are joking, aren't you?
You little shit!
I have business to attend to.
Thank you.
You were warned. Security! Deal with them!
Hmmm I have some doubts...
You're... you're a MANIAC!
Thanks, not that I would need that...
You are quite welcome to visit the distribution center. But don't touch anything, please.
Excuse me? I would watch your manners if I were you!
Oh, a charming woman, quite stunning in fact.
You'll forgive me for asking, but you may just be the ideal candidate to help me out. One of my operatives is cracking under the pressure of working here, that and the lack of....how should we say....female company.
I'm afraid to admit, but I fear that if he doesn't get what he wants he may start taking it out on the admin staff! And Hale and Burton don't approve of interpersonal relationships within the company.
I'm sure we'll both be amicably compensated, though I would suggest taking precautions...
Ok then. I guess that's it.
No? You really would be assisting myself and the company I assure you, well, maybe next time...
What a fine specimen! Can she say 'Hello'?
Once we're done extracting all the oil Arulco has we'll move on to fracking. Don't you just love that word 'fracking', we're going to frack this country for all it's worth! 
Wastage and pollution? There's always waste, but we have plans for that too. 
We can even reconstitute waste and by-product to our chemical and pharmacutical divisions, soon enough Arulco can have their own little canned soft drinks containing a number of these chemicals. They're safe for human consumption of course.
