Dragon Komasto, I serve the people's republic of Traconia.
You again. What do you want, ventosa?
Can you feel that smell in the air? It's Arulcan stench of fear and weakness.
Arulco it's just another obstacle on Traconia's way to supremacy.
Arranca pal carajo! I am not interested in this. I am only interested in obtaining the super sperm. 
No honor, no cause, just wallets waiting to get filled. You disgust me.
Watch your tongue, comepinga!
Ha! You always think a man can be bought, but my destiny is to serve the peoples republic of Traconia. 
You can hurt my body.... but my nation's pride is invulnerable!
Go and drink your Coca-Cola, Papita.
Your cheap tricks are no match for the Traconian spirit! Die, traitors!
We Traconians normally don't deal with your kind, but good soldier like me can't put his pride above success of the mission. Listen up, you money-grubbers.
Our intelligence got our information that Yankee scum named McGraw arrived in Arulco with a sample of superior bull's semen. Brightest Traconian scientists claim it can help our cause. My squad got orders to retrieve it.
See the bar on the other side of the street? This coward is hiding there, with a band of stinking countrymen observing his every move. They are no match for the Traconian might of course, but this operation's supposed to be covert.
Now, you're a different story. Offer is simple. Get in there, blow this pig's brains out and bring wonder sperm to us. We will pay you in cash. Betray us - and we will gut you like a fish.
Good. You lured the pig out. Now give him to us.
Nahh! Trecherous scum! They are trying to steal our semen! Kill them all, my comradas! Let's show them how we deal with traitors back at home!
Very well. Now we kill him! We don't need him, just his super sperm!
Comradas! They are trying to steal our semen! Kill them all! No witnesses!
Your favour to our cause will not be forgotten. Here, there's your reward: Traconian dollars and a discount coupon for a gift shop in Varrez.
Come, my fellow soldiers. Our work here is done, it's time to get home. We'll be back other day. Until then, let Arulcan scum sort out their own problems.
We meet again. You're lucky I'm tied up by orders from my superiors. Give us the sperm and we will let you live.
So, you're the one with the sperm? Give it to us and we will pay you for your trouble.
*Sigh* I'm tired of these "negotiations". Time to show you the Traconian way. No survivors!
