Dead guy.
It's killin' time.
I think I pissed my pants.
Another chunk of creepin' colon.
Whooee, that ugly sumbitch looks like when I had this thing where they took out most of my colon 'cuz I O.D.'d on some pumpkin seeds, and like, that's what my colon looked like, I think.
Ugh! Colon's been here!
I heard sumpthin'. Mighta been my stomach. Might notta.
Like, those creepin' things not only LOOK like my colon, I mean, they SMELL like it, too!
I'm sweatin'. I think that happens whenever it's like there's sumpthin' dangerous gonna happen...or, like, when I eat chili.
Hey, man, like, tell me if you see any crawlin' hunks of my colon.
Oh, Jesus, oh, Jesus, I'm gonna get murdered by a colon!
There's sumpthin' there.
I see a thing.
Think my gun's empty.
Owww...oh, God, I feel like the time when I tried fixin' my Daddy's chipper- shredder, y'know.
Oh, man, Vicki, you're dead! You were the babe of all babes! I woulda killed ANYTHING for you! Now you're dead? Oh, Jesus, I swear I'm never fallin' in love with ANYthing ever again.


Can someone remind me what I'm supposed to do?
All right. My gun's jammed. I like fixin' things.
Why's everyone always shooting at me?
I'm fine, 'cuz, like, blows to the head don't do me. I mean, don't do any damage to me.
That was, like, close. I mean, I felt like it was close, y'know?
You want me to take THAT shot? In my dreams, maybe.
I'm bleedin', I mean, bad, like the time I bit myself on the ankle. That's like a long story, though.
<yawn> I'm really tired.
I can hardly breathe.
Wipeout!
Hey, I took out a colon!
If I ever catch that Commie Ivan out of uniform, I mean, he's gonna be like one black-and-blue Russian!

I hate Igor, man. I mean, I'd smash his head in if he didn't have real kickass vodka.
I'm not dealin' with Igor anymore, man. I mean, I can't work with Russkies. So, like, I'm splittin'. Bye.
Whoa. That reminds me of the time I tried to fix my grandma's chopping thing, what do you call it... guillotine! That was bad.
This whole thing reminds me of... something about... well, I forgot.
Finished.
I mean, you gotta be kiddin'.
That's what you get for being a squirrel head, y'know?
That felt really good! Like takin' a good dump!
Aah, that's... I mean, what a nimrod.
I'm startin' to think this whole freakin' mess is... just a whole... freakin'... mess. I'm not good with words.
I mean, I can't believe I gotta work with all these numbnuts.
Air raid!
These supplies are so lame! I made better weapons in jail, I mean, seriously!
I hate workin' with all these pinko pansy commie bedwetters.
They say the Cold War is over, but as long as there's still a Russia over there in... somewhere, I say the Cold War ain't over yet!
I'm paying attention.
Oh, yeah, I like your style!
Maybe it was the wind?
Livin' with Ivan's like livin' with an itch in my butt that I just wanna  scratch right out. I'm blowin' this pop stand. Maybe next time.

Vicki's such a babe, y'know? I mean... and she gives real good brake jobs.


Hey, I hear from M.E.R.C. that you're stiffin' them, man! I'm splittin', and you're lucky I'm a softie, or you'd need a plumber to help you swallow your lunch!

I can't see! Like the time I got battery acid in my eyes...and nose and ears and mouth.
I'm not figurin' sumpthin' right. And my head hurts too much to do any more figurin'.
Kinda friendly. Maybe we shoulda left some kinda gift.
Found some bad guys. Well... I didn't really find 'em, but I know they're in the neighborhood.
Where, oh, where are they hiding?
Holy squirrel tails! It must be my birthday.

I know that kid from somewhere...
Well, I'll be. I guess I'll just go back on home then and kill squirrels. Kinda too bad, 'cause people make a lot funnier noises.
Yeah! Blew 'em all away!
Oh no. Like, I think someone put their hands in our cookie jar. We catch 'em, we should chop off their hands, just like in the bible.
Let's just say that my mama woulda approved. He asked for it. I could see clear to Kansas before I'd see another way.
What luck... A big squirrel with plenty of attitude.
This is, like, the happiest I ever felt in my whole life! Well, there was that one time with sweet Billie-Ray, and if it hadn't been for that cow... well, nevermind. Y'all don't forget me now. Send a postcard or something.
I reckon they threw her in reverse. There's no one here anymore.
Gonna get me some shuteye. I'm not running on all cylinders.
Rooster rising. I'll get right back to work.
Golly! Me too.
It broke! This was manufactured in Commieland, wasn't it?
Ooohee! No can, no how. That's trouble.
Now hold your horses. I don't trust walking around here.
Oh sweet Jesus, I'm goin' under...
Trip's over. I'm parked.
