Dead meat!
Thanksgiving's here... time to carve some turkeys!
I've got one beautiful mess here!
Here, kitty kitty!
Yeeeha. Y'ever pull a cat inside-out by its tail? Well, right there is what she looks like when yer done. Only the cat's smaller, y'know?
One o' them been draggin' its ass through here.
I heard something unfriendly-sounding.
Mmm, something smells good...
Y'know that weird feeling ya get when yer guts slide around in yer belly? I got that feelin' now. It uh, means...uh, danger.
Might get lucky and get to kill myself one of them ugly things.
Ain't never had so much fun in my life.
What's that there?
What's that?
Damn guns. A knife never runs out of ammo.
Woo-eeya, I'm finally gettin' to see my own innards. Just wish I could see them clearly.
Haywire! Get up, you asshole! I seen you get hurt worse than that and walk away...okay, anything for a joke, that's you.

Hah! Fidel, Fidel, Fidel! I bet you you were gonna get killed before me, and you did! Pay up! Where's my $200? C'mon, pay up, man! Fidel? Hey, wait a minute...you gypped me! Aw, man, I shoulda died first!
I was just gonna do somethin'. Damned if I can remember what.
My gun's jammed! This is why knives are SO much better.
Ooh, those turkeys're gettin' FEISTY! Gobble gobble gobble!
Not a scratch. Good thing I've got calluses over 90 per cent of my body.
Shoulda done the job. 'Cause now you're gonna die.
Probably miss that target from here. Maybe I should just knife 'em.
Hey, blood's pourin' outta me faster than I can lick it up!
I wanna sleep. Not the big sleep, y'know, just a small one.
One of these days, I'm gettin' myself a third lung.
Bought it!
Couple hundred pounds of cat food!
Wimpy and screeching and afraid of her own shadow. That's Flo. What a waste of skin!

Y'know what I'd like? To carve up Biff. He may be the boss, but he's completely useless. At least we'd have some decent food for a change.
Okay, that's it. I've had it. Biff's a pussy. You can't depend on anyone who doesn't enjoy killing! So what the hell good is he? I'm leavin'!
That's the quick way to lose 10 pounds!
I don't know why everybody thinks I'm psychotic! I'm NOT psychotic, I just have passion for my job!
Okay, all done.
I don't want to do that. And you don't want to try to make me.
How do you think she'd look stuffed and mounted?
Let's celebrate! I'm thinking of fillin' a few glasses with pus and makin' a toast.
I'm gettin' sick of that yellowbelly. Prob'ly doesn't even know how to skin a baby.
This ain't no fun at all.
What a bunch of sissy bleedin' hearts. And I don't mean that in a nice way.
Incoming bombers!
Cheap guns, dull knives, flimsy helmets... it's enough to make me stab myself.
Can't think of a better job--blood, lust and a steady paycheck.
If the Arulcans can't defend their own country, they don't DESERVE their own country. We oughta take it over and kick 'em all the hell out.
Ya got it, or you don't.
I got a sickly feelin' about this....
That was dumber than pancreas.
I've had it up to here with Flo, runnin' around shriekin' like a chicken with her head cut off every time there's trouble. You hired her, you take care of her. I'm passin' on the whole deal. Later.

That's Haywire. One-hundred-and-seventy pounds of raw fun. Hah!

Fidel knows what's what.
Speck tells me you're sorta behind on your payments. Now I could take it outta your skin, but I'm just gonna leave you here without me. Maybe the locals'll take care of things for me.

Thing pissed right in my eyes. It's damn lucky I can't see it!
Maybe somebody else has got the patience. 'Cause I don't!
Ah... I'll let him live.
Got enemies in the area. Good.
I say we hunt them down to the last man and slit his throat. I hate loose ends.
It's all right, I guess. Woulda liked one of 'em new, high-tech, fancy  blades though.

That runaway kid. You know, if I cut the main tendon in his heel, his mom will never have to look for him again.
Man, and I was just getting into this, too. Like, I had visions of Ginsu dancing in my head.
They're all done? That was quick.
Something's wrong here. It's like cutting up medical school leftovers. You open the body, but stuff's already missing.
Would anybody get offended if I took ear?
Come to papa...
I just want to do a quick count here. Who's up for getting our asses over to a neighboring country and starting up something?
Ah, the pansyasses ran away to warn their friends! Good. They'll all be freakin' nervous by the time we get there.
Feeling zapped. Think I'll pass out for a bit.
I'm back, sharp and ready to hit the cutting board.
Include me.
This thing's useless.
We ain't the first person to handle this, and if I ain't careful, I could be the last.
Hey... what's up with the ground around here?
I'm sinking... like a freakin... rock.
I got to where you wanted me to go. Better be plenty of stuff to shoot at.
