I got a live one, son!
I'd like to shoot, son, before I'm noticed here.
I'm knee deep in combat, son.
I got a live one, son!
I gotta consider retirement.
I'm tired of this, son!
You hard of hearing, sonny?
I've been in this business a long time, son. I smell something in the wind.
Awful quiet. I haven't see any of them yellow bellies in a while, son.
I'm too old for this!
I'm knee deep in trouble here, son.
Son... there's something over here.
Guess they needed the old guy to come down here and find it.
Son, I've ran out of firepower!
Son... I'm bleeding real good! <cough> This could be the end of long and illustrious career...
They killed Fox! Nobody ever filled the uniform like she did... Oh, and nobody ever will.


Sorry to bother you, son, but... I can't remember for the life of me where I'm supposed to go!
I need cover fire, my gun's buggered!
Oh, you got me riled, son!
Keep this up, and I'm gonna need a stretcher. 
Luck is how I managed to get old, son.
It don't look feasible, son.
Ah... I think they hit an artery, son.
Keep this up, and I'm gonna need a stretcher.
Oh, my legs are wiped.
Another one bites the dust, son!
Another one bites the dust, son!


Bring home the bacon, son!
You was close, sonny. But close is only good enough when you dealin' with hand grenades!
Goodbye!

I'm just thankful that at my age someone can still find use for me.
I have to tell ya - in all my years in the business, I ain't never been asked to do this before!
I couldn't have picked a better way to end my career!
We're bringing home the bacon, son!
In my younger years I'd bop you in the head, son!
I was fifth up the beach at Normandy... I don't think we lost half the men you have.
Not since Patton forgot where he parked his tank, have I seen such a lack of memory in the leader of warriors.
I'm too old for this!
I can't use this, it ain't working!
Eh, don't be fooled son, I still got a good couple of missions in me.
This operation is strictly junior league!
Eh, don't be fooled son, I still got a good couple of missions in me!
You're brave, son! You- you're just not very bright!
Son, have you read any of the books? Cause if you know the least little bit about what you've been doing, maybe you wouldn't be doing it!


You got that young babe, Cynthia Guzzman, on your team, right? Ho-ho! She's a babe! And I think she's taking a liking to me...


Son, this ain't the world of high finance. You have to pay your bills when they're due. When you understand that - you look me up.
I can take him off, if you want.
I don't believe this!
Son, this isn't really my field. And to be honest, even if it was, my hands seem to have the mind of their own lately.
Now, it's good to see somebody still respects their elders.
Ready, willing - and almost able.
We're not through, son! We're just sitting' and waitin' for ya!

Everybody knows who the best is now, son!
Oh, he's a sly one, son. We gotta watch him real close.
You don't need me anymore, son - you need a lucky charm!
We flushed out that outfit, son!
I don't wanna get into what happened to Lee, when he tried to stiff me at Gettysburg!
I'm from the old school, son. I'm not keen on killing women.
I got a live one, son!
I gotta say, I'm really satisfied with the way it went, son.
Look on the bright side, son! If you live through the day, you'll be a better person for it!
Son, you're gonna have to cut the old guy some slack.
Lookin' like it's gonna be a great day for some combat, son.
I already told you.
I can't use this, it ain't working!
I think it's set to blow up!
I've been in this business long enough to know when the ground's been tampered with. Son, this place is wired.
Son! There was a time, when I would've done a butterfly for twice the distance, and I'm too tired now. I don't think I can make it!
All clear, son!
