Muppet!
Got a bit of bovver 'ere.
Looks like it's all going a bit pear-shaped!
Ere's another one!
You've gotta be pulling my chain!
Looks E.T.'s left some tracks.
Ease-up! I think I 'eard something.
Phwoar-Hoaw! Who dropped one?
Pwoar, just felt like someone walked over my grave. No creeping up behind me today, alright!
Well, let's hope Geiger's children are done with, and we can get back to normal things.
Jesus! This place is crawling with these freaks.
Ee-ah.
Take a gander at that.
Sod it! I'm running on empty 'ere.
Oh SHIT!...I never should've got on the plane, should've never stepped out the Medway towns! Now I'm friggin bleedin' to death in some bug-ridden shithole surrounded by muppets for a country no one gives a shit about!
Oh bollocks! Buzz levelled many-a-man ...many-a-tank, even the odd town when it was the time of the month. I guess Karma catches up with the best of us.
Oh not Houston! Why is it always the good ones go?
Oh Blood's copped it! He might have talked funny, but he was the salt of the earth.

Oh Gordon Bennett! The sodding thing's jammed!
Argh you muppets are gonna be picking up your teeth with your broken fingers after I'm done with ya! 
Urgh! This wound's turning into a right pig's ear!
What else did you get for Christmas?
You're 'avin a laugh aintchya?
Oargh, bollocks! looks like I collected one.
*Yawn* Come on, boss. Give us a break, I'm knackered.
'old up! I need breather, otherwise I'm gonna end up arse over tit!
You can cross that mong off the list.
Anybody got a shovel?
That SAD Junkie loser Larry's a liablility. Once a user, always a user, you mark my words!
You're a mug if you think that Static is up for the job. He's likely to set off a trip-wire on one of his funny cigarettes if he's not too careful ...Never trust a hippy!

So that was the infamous Mike was it? Guess some people sound more impressive on paper than they do in the flesh.
Ah, that reminds me, I gotta remember to put some jam tarts on the shopping list.

Sorted.
If you think I'm gonna do that, you got another thing coming!
Cheers big ears!
I'm 'avin' the Calamari, what are you havin'? ...I'm 'avin' the Calamari...
Where do these mugs come from? I've seen more intelligence toddle out of an early learning centre.
Sort it out! I've done many a shit job in my time, but pushing up the daisies aint gonna be one of 'em!
Well apart from the bugs, the booby-traps, 300 lb moggies and every Tom, Dick and Harry trying to take me head off, I'm 'avin a right old knees-up! ...Suppose it could be worse, I could be in Norbury, dodging the dog shit and rag heads. 

Are you taking the piss? I've seen better quality in Pound land.
I know when to go out, I know when to stay in, get things done.
I know when to go out, I know when to stay in, get things done.
Who's the Daddy now?
We're all gonna be brown-bread if you keep this up!

I didn't know Larry was on this job. You might wanna keep tabs on how many syringes are in your med-kit if you keep him around.
Who dug up this dinosaur Static to be part of the squad? I thought this was a combat assignment not a bleeding hippy festival.
That Buzz certainly can do some damage,  ...I like that in a bird.
That Spider's a peice of work aint she? ...I'm tempted to cut meself just so I can check out her bedside manner if you know what I mean.
Nice one, Blood! Get on one, matey!
'ang on a minute, aint you forgetting something? I'm not here for the fun of it. 
See that chavvy over there? His face sure ring a bell, but I can't place it. Ah this is gonna drive me nuts! Where have I seen him before?
Ah sod it! It's all gone darker than the Blackwall tunnel!
Oh! This is getting right on my tits! ...Isn't there something more important to do?
Well, this mooey seems to have their head screwed on.
Whoa-Whoah! The lights are flashing, we're going low-life bashing!
Hold 'ard, I swear there's still a few stragglers around wanting to cause some aggro.
Nice one! These are the best things since sliced bread!
How d'ya like that you mug?
Oi! There's that Joey Deacon kid.
Aye? You want shot of me, do ya? Suit yourself! I'll be glad to get away from these donuts you call a squad!
Job done. Time for a pint! ...Anyone got a radio? I wanna check the scores.
Some stinkin' tea-leaf's been in 'ere.
Well, that village idiot won't be givin' no lip no more.
*kiss* *kiss* *kiss* ...Here puss-puss!
Let's have all have a disco! Let's all have a disco! N-na-NA-NA! Oi! N-na-NA-NA!
Looks like the rest have done a runner. One-Nil to us!


I'll go along with that n' all.
Mate, this pikey stuff's worth more as scrap metal.
Hold 'ard! Some low-life's layed a mine down 'ere.
Tsk tsk tsk ...careful fellahs, got a nasty peice of work 'ere. 

Alright, I'm 'ere.






Fair enough, boss. I could do with a cup of tea and put me feet up for a while. Get on the dog and bone if you need me to blow some holes into somethin in the future.












Aye? You want shot of me, do ya? Suit yourself! I'll be glad to get away from these donuts you call a squad!
