More undesirables.
OK, time to stroll through the valley of death.
This'd be the perfect time for some luck!
We got a termite problem again.
What the hell? I swear it's a huge termite. How many chances do you get to bag one of these?
Call me paranoid, but this looks to me like the work of termites. Those big termites.
I heard something strange.
Man, you could get high off the stink from those things. Nobody light any matches!
The bad vibes around here are off the chart.
Maybe I'll get lucky and get to terminate a termite.
Up to my eyeballs in infestation here!
What's that stuff?
There's something there.
Gotta load up.
I'm not dead yet...but I think I'm pushin' my luck.
Darn, Iceman. They'll enjoy your company in heaven... or wherever. Keep the faith, man. We'll try to do the same down here.


Sorry, talk to me...
Got my gun jammed somehow.
Gotta move out of here!
I don't sweat the small stuff...
Life's never boring.
Even for me, that's a challenge.
I got a nasty little bleeder here...s'gonna need stitches.
I'm sorry. I gotta turn in. Gettin' sleepy.
Whoa... hold on. I'm winded.
Neutralized!
Dead end for that bug!
I don't give a damn if it IS politically incorrect, Buzz is a slut... and a liar, a flirt and a vindictive bitch... and that's the objective truth. It ain't just my opinion.


Man, I hated doing that.
I used to make sick jokes about that kinda thing, but man, I've seen one too many friends die that way. Not funny any more.

Okay, that's it for this job. Anything else?
I have a problem with that at the moment.
I try not to get emotionally involved in my kills, but...hey...that felt pretty damn good.
Another species blown to extinction. Yeah!
What a pile of human garbage.
What's a guy like me doin' in a place like this anyway? What a crock.
This is a job. Ya gotta treat it like one. Most of these losers think this is some kinda exciting adventure.
Air attack!
The stuff I get is no help at all. Gimme a blowgun and a plywood shield. That'd be an improvement.
Maybe I'll get outta here alive. Maybe I'll win the lottery. I figure the chances are about equal.
I know it's unpopular now, but women should be kept barefoot and pregnant. Just wait, people'll come around to thinkin' that way again.
You never stop learning.
You're the boss. Though I question how that happened.
You didn't think that was gonna work, did ya?
Hey. I didn't think you were gonna put Buzz on the team. I'd be outta here in a second if I didn't have a reputation to uphold. Just keep her away from me.

See that? Ice knows what's what.


I'm gonna wait awhile. I don't want to be hasty.
Aww, shoot. It's Mike. I don't wanna have to neutralize Mike.
Crap! I'm blind as a bat!
This isn't doing anything for my self-esteem. Time to move on.
I pity that guy.
An enemy encounter is next to guaranteed. It's only a question of finding them.
If they only gave me a hint as to where they are, I'd finish them off.

Good God! There's no better rush!
There's that kid! We should grab the twerp and parcel him back to mommy.
I'm ready for 'em, Miguel. You got yourself the best here. They don't call me 'Lynx' for nothing.
Take that! They're all finished now.
Hmmmm... This all we ordered?
Some people just don't know how to talk to people with guns...
This could be trouble!
No better rush! Wo-oh, don't get this kind of satisfaction very often in this business. It was a long haul, lotta work, but I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
Think they backed off. Wisely, I might add.
I'm going to fall on my face. Taking a rest, and I'll be fine.
Needed that. I'll get back to what I was doing.
Count me in on that.
Something's wrong with this piece of crap.
Hmm. I don't like the looks of this...
Hold off. Place doesn't look right.
I'm... struggling... can't... fight the current.
All right. I'm here.

Oh, no, not from what I've heard about you so far. You got a ways to go before getting me involved.
Hey, I'm happy to take a reasonable amount of risk, but signing a contract with you is like signing my own death warrant.
I'm doin' the Big Brother thing. Sorry, just doin' my part, y'know?
Sorry, It's my week with the volunteer fire department. Look, I can usually fudge around with the schedule, but only with enough advance notice, y'know?
This is Rudy Roberts. They call me Lynx. Maybe you know of me. Either way, just leave me a message, and I'll get back to ya.
It's been an experience. See ya another time.
No. I'm not signin' up to work with Buzz. She'll stab you in the back the moment your back is turned. Trust me on this. She's nothing but trouble. Done nothing but bad mouth me.


Hey, it's been a slice, but I'm just about at the end of my contract. You want to extend it? I'll make myself available.
Okay, I'll stick around.
Okay, I'm all yours.
Well, it ain't a perfect setup by any means, but since it's a chance to work with Ice, I'll take the job.


Naah, I'm not into it. Not the way I need to be, heart and soul, y'know? Sorry.
Ahem. I said...
Uhh...you know the arrangement, cash on the barrelhead, and I'm not seein' it.
Already? Well, I'm a little surprised, but hey, it's your army. You gotta do what you gotta do.
Hey, I'm happy to take a reasonable amount of risk, but signing a contract with you is like signing my own death warrant.
No. I'm not signin' up to work with Buzz. She'll stab you in the back the moment your back is turned. Trust me on this. She's nothing but trouble. Done nothing but bad mouth me.


Well, it ain't a perfect setup by any means, but since it's a chance to work with Ice, I'll take the job.


Ahem. I said...
Uhh...you know the arrangement, cash on the barrelhead, and I'm not seein' it.
Yup, Lynx here, what's up?
I don't like to do the reference thing, but hey, ask anyone around here about me. I'm pretty consistent.
I'm not gettin' any younger.
How long a contract did ya want me to consider?
Look, when you know what you want, call me, okay?


Just to let you know, I'm headed home soon.
I had to raise the rates a bit. More experienced, you know? Still more than worth it, though. Shouldn't scare you.
