More scoundrels!
We've got scoundrels skulkin' about. Let's teach them a thing or two.
I'm in over my head here, man!
Got another jabberwock in the neighborhood.
Holy big sister, this is the first time I ever been seein' a real live Jabberwock. They be ugly things, man!
Somethin' nasty been this way, man. I be thinkin' it's one of the Jabberwock, whifflin' and burblin' and things.
There be some odd noises I'm hearin', man. I don't like it one bit.
Woo-ee, man! Those Jabberwocks sure be leavin' a stink.
I don't like how quiet it is, I be tellin' ya. It's like bein' in the eye of a hurricane, don't ya know.
I'm thinkin' we don't be alone here, man. I can feel the flamin' eyes of the Jabberwocks starin' at us.
Back off! Do I look like a bag of Jabberwock chow?
Somethin' be over there, man.
What be dat, man?
I got no more bullets in my gun.
Can there be pain worse than this?


Spider, you were all right. I'm so sorry we lost you, sister. So sorry...
I be losin' it, man.
This gun's out of order, man!
These lowlifes aren't givin' me a chance!
Dat be nothing, man... I don't bruise easily.
My horoscope said this was my lucky day.
Dat be a tough one, man.
Now I'm bleedin' for the love of God, man.
I be needin' my sleep.
I can't catch my breath, man.
Hope it hurt!
I killed the Jabberwock!
I never work with Lance Fisher before. Dat guy's a coward! He shouldn't be in this business. Get rid of him or I'm leaving.

I tell ya, man, that racist pig Gasket is getting under my skin. I be thinkin' of liposuctionin' him out.
Mike succumbs to the deadly Vicki! Now who be the number one merc, I ask ya?
Oh, that bother me even when I see it in the movies, man.
Crawl spaces creep me out, man... I hate it in here.
I be all finished, man.
Ain't no way I'm doing that, man.
She's better now.
Oh, frabjous day! The main jabberwock, she be snuffed, man!
What a waste of a brain, man.
I be losin' whatever faith I had in this miserable journey, man. I'm not a happy camper.
Most of the mercs on this team be lewd, crude, and rude, man. If I saw them on the sidewalk, I'd be crossin' the street to avoid them.
There be enemy aircraft, man!
All this equipment might be fine for Halloween costumes, but it be doing nothing for us!

Why there be so many beer-swillin', testosterone-soaked slobs in this business? It's gettin' so a woman can't go into combat without bein' hassled!
I'm not gettin' older, I'm gettin' better!
I can't believe there be no better way.
I can't believe we even tried that!
It be Lance, I be sure. There be nobody else with that look of fear!



I'm so proud of Spider... Dat girl's got it.
I not be renewing anything right now. One cannot be too cautious when deciding on a contract.
Oh, holy smokes, man, we're up against Mike himself!
I no be seeing nothing, man.
I be blowin' my time, man.
Some people deserve better than to be livin' here...
It appears we have company in this area, man.
I wouldn't be gettin' too confident. We still have company.
Oh, man... Something so fine should come with a card.

That be the little dickens over there, man. I should drag him home by his nose.
She be removing nothin'! You hang tight, and let us do our work.
Yeah, man! That be the last of them.
Hey! Some stuff be missin' here. Someone be looking for trouble.
She asked for it. Did everything but say it out loud, man. This world is better off. Trust me.
Jungle cat!
Yeah man! We lined 'em up, and we took 'em down. I been at this a long time, and I never met people as good as you. You keep a line open. We be talking again, soon.
They be outta here like a '57 Chevy, man. Afraid of us, they be!
<yawn> I be needing some sleep. Can't do a good job running on empty.
Ya. I be awake now, and back to work.
Same here.
This be workin' about as well as a Chevy motor in a Ford. Not at all!
Relax... I think this be trapped.
Hmm... I don't be liking the looks of that.
The water... it's moving... fast. I be tiring...
I be standing where ya wanted me, man.

No thanks, man. If I be takin' a job with the likes of you, I'll never respect myself again!
No thanks, man. Around here, they call you the Merc Motel...'cuz Mercs check in, but they don't check out!
Sorry man, I be havin' my annual Midnight Madness Sale at the shop.
I'm sorry man, I've been looking forward to the Car Show all year. Tell me you need me as early as you can and I be tryin' to help you out.
This is Vicki Waters. I be either on assignment or at the shop. So, leave me your vitals, and I be getting back to you as soon as I can.
Thanks, man. It wasn't so bad. I don't know why someone started that rumor about you.
When I worked for you, you were hiring weenies like that guy Lance, and last I heard, he's still there.

Sorry, man. I can't in good conscience be signin' with ya. Gasket is such a racist. I can't lay down my life for someone who'd just as soon like to kill me himself.
Say, man, my contract is almost up. Would you be wantin' to renew it?
Thanks man, I'll keep doing my best for you.
Thanks man, I'll show you how a real merc performs.


Well, I be tellin' ya, I've had better offers, but there's something about Spider that I be wanting to be workin' with her. I'll take the job, man.
No thanks, man. I don't think you know what you're doing out there. Maybe you should be pushin' pencils behind a big desk instead.
Did ya hear me, man? I was saying...
I hope you be havin' some extra money stashed away somewhere, 'cuz you don't have enough left in the bank.
I'll be on my way then. But I tell you, you are making a serious mistake. Mercs of my stripe are not easy to come by.
No thanks, man. Around here, they call you the Merc Motel...'cuz Mercs check in, but they don't check out!
I never worked with Lance Fisher before. That guy's a coward! He shouldn't be in this business! Get rid of him or I'm leaving.

Sorry, man, I can't in good conscience be signin' with ya. Gasket is such a racist. I can't lay down my life for someone who'd just as soon like to kill me himself.


Well, I be tellin' ya, I've had better offers, but there's something about Spider that I be wanting to be workin' with her. I'll take the job, man.
Did ya hear me, man? I was saying...
I hope you be havin' some extra money stashed away somewhere, 'cuz you don't have enough left in the bank.
Vicki Waters. Who I be speaking with?
You're not holding up your end of the conversation, man.
Come on, man, spit it out.
What kind of an arrangement did you have in mind?
You can always call me back when you have a clearer idea of what you want, but in the meantime, please don't waste my time.
I never worked with Lance Fisher before. That guy's a coward! He shouldn't be in this business!

Be lettin' you know, I be headin' off soon, man.
I be movin' up in the ranks, man. And my price be movin' with me.
