Enemy agent.
Let's show them what we are made of!
I'm up to my neck in hot water!
Look, another cuddly creature!
Aww, isn't he cuddly? I wonder if they can be domesticated. Probably not.
Ach, the delightful little monsters were frolicking here.
I'm hearing weird noises, ja.
I think those adorable little creatures were doing their business here. The aroma is very rich.
Things are too quiet here. I believe nothing is as it seems.
We should take pains to avoid the cuddly creatures until we have the proper equipment: a leash and muzzle. And maybe something for them to chew on.
I love their natural aggression, but I am having trouble getting them under control!
Should take a closer look.
Finders keepers.
My gun is without bullets.
Get medical attention or put me out of my misery, but don't leave me here to suffer with these wounds!
But... Ivan was my mentor! He taught me the ins and outs of the mercenary life. He taught me how to kill with grace and endurance.

Buns, watching you kill was like watching a beautiful dance of death. Had you lived, I would have made you the happiest mercenary on earth.
I was enjoying my thoughts and...now I am without any.
This traitorous gun didn't fire as requested.
They're going ballistic on me!
Ho hum. I give that a three on the skirmish scale.
Nothing is as reaffirming as a close one.
Who do I look like, Siegfried and Roy?
No cause for alarm! However, parts of me are bleeding.
I must sleep. And I will not take nein for an answer.
At this pace, I will lose consciousness.
That... is a dead enemy.
My small part to control the pet population.



Since Mike was the top merc, and I killed Mike, does this not make me the new top Merc? I believe so!
What a spectacular way to die.

My task is done.
Nein. I cannot accept that order.
My mother would be so proud of me!
I have never doomed a race to extinction before! Lynx told me it was a special thrill.
That lummox is not even fit to polish my brass.
I have endured assassins, wild animals, and an entire Barry Manilow album, but I am losing patience with this C.O. of ours!
These are not the most disreputable, unsavory people I have ever worked with. I did do three semesters of law school.
Red alert! Aerial bombardment!
Tell me this equipment is meant merely as a test of my ability to operate under adverse conditions.
The worst is behind us.
I am glad I am not a female mercenary. They are not treated very well.
There's always room to grow.
There must be another approach.
Perhaps you can learn something from this.


Ivan is the master. It is an honor to work with him.

Buns is an excellent warrior...and a stunning woman!
Right now, I'm uncertain as to the appeal of our arrangement.
I see Mike... working on the other side? This puts a not-so-amusing light on the situation.
Shoot! I have been blinded.
I really should find something else to do.
Imagine calling this country home.
There are enemies in the vicinity.
We failed to locate all of them. I would not go crazy.
I am elated. It should be gift wrapped.

I have spotted the kid. If Joey's mother so desires, I'll happily wallop his buttocks.
It is our duty to rid this country of her presence. You will find us eager and ready to help you.
Ja! The enemies are dead.
I am suspicious of this shipment. I believe we have been cheated.
I won't be losing any sleep over it.
Good pussy, ja...
I am most proud to call myself a teammate. The leadership, excitement and adventure were all that I could ask for. I will be sad for this parting.
Ja, the enemies have left the sector. The wimps.
I will sleep now and work even harder when I wake.
Exactly what I needed. Back to the task at hand!
Ja, me too.
Broken! My patience is being tested.
Halt! Got a trap here.
Hmm. The ground looks unnatural.
Help! Drown... ing... ja....
Ja, I am here now.

Not you! I don't like listening to gossip, but there appears to be a consensus that you are not really much of a commander.
Not with you! You go through good soldiers as if they were a dime a dozen. I consider your proposition an unacceptable risk.
I cannot. I'm getting my pilot's license. You may congratulate me.
I cannot, I need to be in divorce court. Had you given me more notice I could have got a continuance or made whatever arrangements were necessary.
Ja, das ist Grunty, Helmut Grunther. I will return your call, but you must leave a message. Now.
Very well. It has been a delight to work for you.



It is fast approaching the end of our contract. I assume you wish to renew, ja?
You have chosen wisely.
Super.
I would gladly eat nails to work wherever Ivan is working. So, I am delighted to join. Please do not tell Nails what I just said or interpret any untoward.

I have a certain attraction to Buns Sonderguard. I think it is the endearing way she cocks her head to the side just before she blows a hole in an enemy's gut. Since she's with you, I am with you, too.
Nein, nothing to take personally, but I find your style irritating and amateurish. I don't think I'll ever work for you again.
Achtung! I told you...
You should have brought cash. Because I don't come cheap, and I don't take American Express.
You reveal your bad judgment. Very well, goodbye.
Not with you! You go through good soldiers as if they were a dime a dozen. I consider your proposition an unacceptable risk.



I would gladly eat nails to work wherever Ivan is working. So, I am delighted to join. And please do not tell Nails what I just said or interpret any untoward.

I have a certain attraction to Buns Sonderguard. I think it is the endearing way she cocks her head to the side just before she blows a hole in an enemy's gut. Since she's with you, I am with you, too.
Achtung! I told you...
You should have brought cash. Because I don't come cheap, and I don't take American Express.
Ja, das ist Grunty.
I'm sure you're aware of my record with A.I.M. If not, you should review it immediately.
Make it shnappy!
How long do you wish to engage my services?
Life is too short to sit around. Goodbye.


Ja, ist almost time for us to part company. My engagement is nearly over.
I am now worth a bit more with my experience, ja?
