Enemy's about!
This could be our Welcoming Committee.
'Tis a disaster!
Another beastie!
Good Lord! It looks like haggis... with legs!
'Tis the tracks o' the big walkin' haggis... and I dinna want to see the sheep it came from.
Och, somethin' stirred!
Either someone's boilin' cabbage... or there be beasties about!
Steady on, Red...brace yerself for anything...
I keep seeing beasties out o' the corner o' me eye!
By God! It's the revenge o' the haggis!
There's something there.
Let's take a look at that.
Out o' ammo.
Och, Lord almighty, I'm as good as dead.



Am I losing ma mind?
Now ma gun's jamming. Somebody up there must hate me.
Have at you, ye scoundrels! I ain't bought the farm yit!
I've been thrashed within an inch o' ma life!
Thought I was a goner for sure that time.
Hate to be wastin' one.
Ma life's blood is trickling out o' me.
I canna go on. I'll die without sleep.
Ma lungs are killing me!
Better not be faking it.
Looks dead.
Bad enough to have women in combat, but a prudish Dane woman, that's goin'a wee bit too far!


I took out Mike! Trust a Scot to do what everybody said couldn't be done!
That's the most disgusting thing I've seen since ma last English pub meal.

I'm prepared for whatever be next.
There's no way in heaven or earth I'd do that.
If only she'd had known her place, I never would have had to do that.
I hope that's the biggest, ugliest thing I ever have to kill.
That sodger's the biggest scunner o' the whole lot.
I'm no one to complain, but I am.
Most o' these sodgers are fools with skulls full o' clapshot.
Enemy aircraft!
I had more functional equipment in the Boy Scouts!
I just worry we've bitten off more than we can chew, if ya know what I mean.
The Danes are a bunch o' puddock-faced numpties, and that's not just me opinion, it's a well known truth.
I be getting better at that.
That'll never work in a million years!
I knew there was no way to pull that off.
Och, had I but known you'd be invitin' Buns to the party, I'd not have given ye the time o' day!




I canna make that choice yet! Time is what I be needin'.
Oh, sweet mother, it's Mike! 'Tis a tragedy in the makin'!
I be sufferin' temporary blindness. Ma hopes it be temporary anyway.
Be a waste of ma time.
I kinda like her.
Enemies about. We best take heed.
My instincts tell me we're being watched. Keep y'er wits.
Left by the Gods, I tell ya.

Is that not the wee-lad that mum be in search of?
I know what ya mean, Miguel, but I'm worried the situation's got a wee bit outta yer hands. All the same, we'll do our right best by ya.
All gone! Cannae say I miss 'em.
Have they no mercy! We's been robbed.
Ya make yer bed and ya lie in it. I did what needed to be done.
Shit ma keeks!
I'm proud to say I stood by yer side through thick and thin, even though ya nearly killed me. Could 'ave been a wee splatter on the grass! But I dinnae die... and I had enough fun to last this Scot a lifetime.
Dodgers... they up and took off. Just us here now.
Need ma sleep. I'm no good to ya like this.
I'm up and right into me work.
Wot? Me, too!
Ma equipment's broke. Figures.
Ah.. It's been jerried! I could take it apart.
Look, something isn't right here.
I gonna... drown 'ere...
This is the end of me path. What be in the plans?

No, thank ye, I ken all about ye and yer losing propositions.
Sure, I'll sign up with ye. The next thing you know, I'm waking up dead! No chance.
What, and miss the Eastern Division Curling Championships? I think not!
I've got an appointment at the Hair Club for Scotsmen. You've got to give me more advance warning.
This is yer bomb man, Ernie Spragg, with detonations for all occasions and where no explosion is too large or too small. Leave me yer name and number, and I'll get back to ye post-haste!
I could tell ye haven't been satisfied with the job I was doing. I dinnae blame ye for not wanting me on yer team. In fact, I respect ye for letting me go. So long, then.
I have two problems: I dinnae fight alongside Danes, and I dinnae like guns in the hands of women. And you got a Danish woman on yer team, so what does that tell ye?


Guess we're about at the end o' ma contract. Ye dinnae want me to keep working for ye, do ye?
Oh! Well, I'll be happy to keep working with ye. Didn't think ye wanted me back.
Okay. I'll do ma best for ye.



I dinnae think I can work for ye again. I dinnae ken why, just feeling a wee bit dejected, I guess. No point in explaining anyway.
Are ye deaf? I said...
I can't work with ye. Every penny has to be up front. I'll not be running a tab for ye, ye know.
I dinna ken why ye even hired me in the first place.
Sure, I'll sign up with ye. The next thing you know, I'm waking up dead! No chance.
I have two problems: I dinnae fight alongside Danes, and I dinnae like guns in the hands of women. And you got a Danish woman on yer team, so what does that tell ye?





Are ye deaf? I said...
I can't work with ye. Every penny has to be up front. I'll not be running a tab for ye, ye know.
Aye? I'm here, talk to me!
If yer lookin' to make things blow up real good, ya needn't look any farther than ol' Red Spragg!
We be burnin' daylight!
And may I ask what ye'd be needin'?
Yer wastin' my time! Call me when ye figure out what ye want!
I'm tellin' ye now, that blasted Dane Buns puts me in a lather. The more I'm around her, the less I'll be likin' it.

Wanted to mention to ya that ma tour of duty is nearly up.
Ya be pleased to know that I'm getting better at this. And so have granted meself a slight increase in pay.
