I have an encounter.
Get ready! They're here.
This is not looking very good.
Not another one!
Look at the size of it! Oh, my... I hate insects. Even the ones you can squash with your foot.
Those bugs are hideous.
Shhhh! Noise.
What a terrible smell!
My nerves are wracked. I sense something's about to happen, and it's not good.
God! I hope there's none of those hideous insects around here.
Oh my Lord! What a nightmare!
There's something.
What's that lying around?
I'm in need of ammo.
I don't think I'm going to make it.
Wolfy... our time together was so... so limited. You were the best. I can't believe you're really gone.

Ahhh... Grizzly, you were my teddy bear. I wish I had known you for longer.
Sorry, I'm a little confused.
Bullet's stuck!
They've got me pinned.
I've had back rubs worse than that.
That was close.
I'll never connect with that.
I'm going to have to do something about this bleeding.
I need my beauty sleep. Soon!
Need a moment to catch my breath.
Sweet dreams!
Even dead, they bother me.
I wish somebody would take the air out of that macho idiot Steroid.
I'm all yours, Pops. Just come and get me!
That Haywire makes me extremely uncomfortable.
I dated Mike. He had about as much life in him as he does now.
I don't believe I needed to see that.
I've always hated insects. Spiders are the worst.
Ready to move on.
Not in your lifetime.
It's about time. She was really getting on my nerves.
Please! Make that be the end of them.
What a slimeball.
This is nothing like I expected it to be.
I've never been around so many horny people in all my life. Well... at least not since I left All Saints private school.
Look for cover!
I'm tired of using the leftovers. I should be getting the best equipment. Especially armor. I've got a body to protect.
Nothing in my life ever works out.
Some of these people need to be introduced to soap.
It pays to pay attention.
I really don't understand why we'd want to do that.
That was absolutely brilliant.
Steroid gives me the creeps. If he has to be in the same country, keep him away from me.
Pops McGillicutty is a pervert, a sex fiend! Get him out of my face, or I'm quitting.
Wolfy, you're the best!

Way to go, Teddy bear.
That would be a bit premature. Let's wait and see.
I don't believe it! Mike took a job with the other side?
What did that thing spit in my eyes? I'm blind!
Sorry, but I can't manage it.
There's something about him that kinda intrigues me.
Get ready! They're here.
We mustn't forget the ones we didn't get.
Too much! Now this was worth bending over for.

That kid looks like he doesn't belong here.
She won't get very far, Miguel, now that I'm here. Trust me, when it comes to the female mind, I'm a master. Maybe later, you and I could talk more about it.
Yeah! We did 'em all. I love that.
Hey! I think something's missing here!
It's women like her who give all of us a bad name. I, for one, am glad to see her dead, and I bet I'm not the only one.
I see one, I think "fireplace"...
Hey hey! What a way to lay 'em out! It makes me feel so good, so warm, so excited all over. I wish there was some way I could thank all of you.
Whoa... where are they? They pulled out early.
I need a quick nap. Sweet dreams!
I'm up and back on top. It does my body a world of good.
You're not the only one.
What's a girl have to do to get something that works around here?
Wait a sec. I don't trust it any more than I do a man's zipper.
This looks more suspicious than lipstick on a man's collar.
Wolfy? Grizzly? I'm so wet! I'm going down! Someone... Help me!
I'm in position and available. As always.

Sorry, there's been a lot of talk about you... none of it good.
Sorry, I have a major concern. It's called dying. And too many people who work for you are doing it.
Sorry, I just got a call from a major Hollywood producer. He says I'm being considered to debut in a feature film, and he wants to see me at his place right away. I could be the next female action hero.
Perhaps with more notice, but I can't right now. I've made other commitments.
Hello. This is Cynthia Guzzman. I'm kinda of tied up at the moment. If you'd like me to get back to you, leave a message. If you'd rather I ignored your call, breathe heavy--just once.
Well... you're running the show. Maybe you'll need me again sometime. Be sure to call.
Forget it! I wouldn't give it a second thought as long as that pumped-up, pushy Pollack is working for you.
You still have that old pervert Pops working for you? I haven't changed my mind since I left. As long as he works for you - I don't.
Sorry, but Haywire is as scary as they get. My future certainly doesn't have us together in the same country.
I'm a busy girl. You don't want to leave the status of my contract to the final minute.
Sounds good to me.
I'll get my things together, and I'll be there as soon as possible.
Normally I wouldn't jump on your bandwagon, but since Wolfy's on the job, I guess I will be too.

I've worked with Grizzly for a little while now. I wouldn't say I know Teddy Bear inside out, but I'll put aside my hesitations for the chance to work with him.
For reasons I don't care to get into, I'd rather go home and shave my legs.
Like I said...
Your bank tells me that you're short a deposit. And please, spare me the bad sperm jokes.
That was a lot shorter than I expected. On the other hand, it might be better that way.
Sorry, I have a major concern. It's called dying. And too many people who work for you are doing it.
Forget it! I wouldn't give it a second thought as long as that pumped-up, pushy Pollack is working for you.
Pops McGillicutty is a pervert, a sex fiend! Get him out of my face, or I'm quitting.
Sorry, but Haywire is as scary as they get. My future certainly doesn't have us together in the same country.
Normally I wouldn't jump on your bandwagon, but since Wolfy's on the job, I guess I will be, too.

I've worked with Grizzly for a little while now. I wouldn't say I know Teddy Bear inside out, but I'll put aside my hesitations for the chance to work with him.
Like I said...
Your bank tells me that you're short a deposit. And please, spare me the bad sperm jokes.
The Fox is listening.
Don't let my looks deceive you. While I take care of myself, I'm also quite capable of taking care of others, too.
You're not wearing pants, are you?
Okay, I imagine you'll want to get maximum value and go long-term?
This is taking longer than I have. Think about it, then call me back.
I can't tell you how skeptical I am about being in the same country as Steroid, but I'll give it my best shot. It's a big country right?
I'm all yours, Pops. Just come and get me!
We'll be splitting up shortly. My contract's almost up.
Been getting better at this. A good woman's worth more money, don't you think?
