Antagonists.
Here comes trouble.
Need assistance here, stat!
Oh God, it's another THING.
Oh Christ, it's a bug. I mean, it's arthropoda, so it could be a crustacean, but I have this thing about bugs...I can't look at it. I'm sorry, I can't even look at that thing.
The arthropoda, they've been here. Sends waves of nausea through me just thinking about it.
I'm sure I just heard something.
I smell insect spore. It's so heavy, it has to be coming from those hyperthyridic arthropod things. It's making me dizzy.
Adrenaline's up. I sense something's about to happen.
I think those arthropods are nearby. Look at me, my pulse is racing. I'm sweating. I have to get over this extreme fear. It's totally irrational.
I can't handle this! I have to get out of here, before I lose my mind!
Bingo...
I see something...
I need bullets immediately.
Losing too much blood here. Shock's gonna set in.
My friend, Vicki, I would have gladly died in your place if I could, or saved you somehow. God, how the hell am I supposed to stay detached about something like this?
Kirk, your candle burned so brightly. Nobody was so young at heart, so giving of himself to everybody, so many things to so many people. Rest in peace.
You and Ron were joined at the hip, Charlene. It's impossible to think of one of you going on without the other. Goodbye, Charlene.
Whoa, I had a moment of vertigo.
Misfire. Need to unjam this.
Can't dodge this forever!
The pain is immense.
Was that as close as it felt?
I'm not that good a shot.
Ooh, I'm bleeding. Least I'm up on my tetanus.
I'm too fatigued to go on.
Gotta slow down before I hyperventilate.
I'm such a hypocrite.
That felt good.


Maybe I'd have more patience with this job if I didn't have to work with holier-than-thou prissies like Sonderguard.
Mike's dead... by my hand! I don't know whether to be proud of myself or really sickened! Little of both, I guess!
How can anyone see that and not question what we do for a living?
I shoulda brought mosquito netting. Bugs transmit so many diseases. Netting should be mandatory.
What should I tackle next?
I can't go along with that. Rather, I WON'T go along with that.
It was either her or us.
Perhaps now that the thing is dead, I can achieve REM sleep again.
That idiot's a walking advertisement for planned parenthood.
Think I'd rather be emptying bedpans than stick around for more of this.
Just when you think homosapiens can't stoop any lower, you find yourself in a group like this.
We've got aerial incoming!
I might as well be working with stone knives and bearskins. Dammit, I'm a professional.
One of the nice things about this job is all the interesting people you get to meet.
I don't know why men love this kind of work so much...killing, grunting, scratching, that kind of thing.
I'm learning all the time.
I suggest a little more prudent planning is in order.
Let's try not to make the same mistake next time.


I'm not surprised. Vicki's the finest.
It's so great working with Static.
My favorable impression of Raven was right on the money.
Give me some more time to assess the operation, then we'll talk.
Oh, my. It's Mike. I don't know about this.
Aaaah, that vile substance has caused me to go blind.
I'm having great difficulty with this. It seems impossible.
She was real friendly.
There's an enemy presence.
I don't believe we've located all of them yet.
Finally, something worth getting excited about.

Isn't that the deliquent boy we've been looking for?
You have our full attention, Miguel. Personally, I feel that anyone who would oppress another deserves to be brought to justice, and that's just what we hope to do to her.
I'm glad that's over. No more enemies, just casualties.
What? It doesn't seem to be all here. That's not right.
I think I saved many lives by ending this one.
Ah! Tiger!
It may not have been the easiest job in my life, but in the end, I realized how necessary it was.
Oh. Thankfully, they've left the area.
I'm turning in. I'll get back to work soon.
Count me back in.
Add me to that list.
Really! I can't afford to work with equipment that fails.
Whoa! God only knows what it would do to me.
Stay alert. Every footstep might be your last.
Hey... who... will... re... sus... i... tate... me?
Okay, I've arrived. Ready for anything.

I'm pretty picky about what assignments I accept. You're a little rough around the edges for me.
I fail to see how. As a doctor, I try to have reverence for life, as much as this line of work permits. Judging from your past, we don't share this philosophy.
I'm preparing a presentation on field treatment of hemorrhagic fevers. I might be available after that.
I'm already committed to covering for a colleague. The earlier you schedule with me, the better the chance I can find the time for you.
This is Doctor Houston. I'm away from my desk right now, but if you leave a message, someone will get back to you shortly. If this is a medical emergency, call the clinic at JL5-1494 and have me paged.
Thank you for the chance to work with your team. Let me know if you need me again, and we'll talk.


Given the nature of our work, I require a certain minimum level of civility. I find that Ms. Sonderguard is decidedly uncivil and really rather snobbish. It's too irritating. I'm sorry.
It looks like my contract is nearly complete. Shall we discuss renewal, or should I make other plans?
Very good! I'm looking forward to another stint.
All right, everything seems to be in order. I'll report for duty.
Vicki Waters and I get along famously. So, I'm going to say yes to your offer in spite of a few niggling concerns. I'm sure Vicki and I can weather it together.
Well, it's not the most well-rounded group I've worked with, but Kirk Stevenson is just a hoot. So, I'll say yes.
I'm not at all sure that this is my kind of project. But frankly, I think Raven is a wonderful person, and I trust her implicitly. So, I'll commit.
I'm going back to do research for a while. This assignment's just taken too much out of me. I need to regroup.
Pardon me, I was saying...
Apparently, my rate is a little higher than you budgeted for.
Really. Well. Okay, if that's the way you want it. I'm sure I'll be hearing from you again soon.
I fail to see how. As a doctor, I try to have reverence for life, as much as this line of work permits. Judging from your past, we don't share this philosophy.


Given the nature of our work, I require a certain minimum level of civility. I find that Ms. Sonderguard is decidedly uncivil and really rather snobbish. It's too irritating. I'm sorry.
Vicki Waters and I get along famously. So, I'm going to say yes to your offer in spite of a few niggling concerns. I'm sure Vicki and I can weather it together.
Well, it's not the most well-rounded group I've ever worked with, but Kirk Stevenson is just a hoot. So, I'll say yes.
I'm not at all sure that this is my kind of project. But frankly, I think Raven is a wonderful person, and I trust her implicitly. So, I'll commit.
Pardon me, I was saying...
Apparently, my rate is a little higher than you budgeted for.
Dr. Houston. How may I help you?
I'm not trying to sound morbid, but I really do enjoy field work.
I've got appointments to get to.
Okay, we should talk about how long a contract you had in mind.
I'm too busy for this. Feel free to call back once you've got a better idea of your needs.


I hope you're keeping in mind that my contract is approaching its end.
Really, I looked at it from all angles, and I'm worth more now. So, I've changed my rate schedule to reflect that.
