Hostiles!
There you are. I've been waiting for you.
Knee-deep in bloody hell!
Dung beetle!
Bloody insane! I swear I was holding a magnifying glass to a dung beetle that had the legs of a rabbit.
Bloody nasty, those things.
Sshhh! There's something or someone nearby.
Ugghh, they have the smell of the dung beetle too.
Careful here. I have a troubling hunch.
An ideal habitat for those dung beetles.
Hell! They're bloody everywhere!
Over here.
What's there?
I have to load more ammo.
Bloody, hemorrhaging.
Doctor Eli Summers is dead? Oh, bloody hell! Wasn't long ago that we were discussing the possibility of opening a practice together.


I'm a little foggy! Hope I didn't suffer a minor stroke.
Bloody cheap firearms.
My position is under fire!
Ahhh... Gets the kinks out.
Afraid they didn't miss by much.
Not likely.
A stitch or two might control the bleeding.
I demand my sleep. It is necessary, you know.
I lost my breath.
Return to sender.
Dung beetle hell for you, bug!
I'd be thrilled to sacrifice that wiry fraud, Raffitto. I'm sure the Jamaicans and the Scots would also be pleased.


Mike deserved that! As far as I'm concerned, that bloody American braggart should have been terminated a long time ago.
Now, I can retire.

Task completed.
No! Find another boy.
I'm always disturbed about killing a lady. Fortunately, that was not the case.
The bloody carcass couldn't rot away fast enough for me.
Bloody jackanapes!
This place is a waste of bloody time and my talent!
A lot of the mercenaries I am being forced to work with shouldn't be in possession of firearms.
Watch the sky! They're going to make a run at us.
This equipment should be donated to some sort of paramilitary charity.
How does one end up amongst such a classless group of people?
It's nothing personal, but every race has its place. Something the bloody Americans don't seem to comprehend.
I knew I could improve.
Appears highly impractical and stupid!
No surprise.
Imagine my luck! I've run into that crackpot, Raffi.

I bet Summers mentioned his hole in one and that I'd confirm it. Well, it's true. But if he keeps telling everyone - I'll start denying it!


I'm not prepared to rush into anything for the moment.
Mike? I knew that overconfident ass would find himself in this situation.
I'm bloody blind.
This isn't going to work.
Comes across as a decent chap.
Hostiles have been detected in this sector.
Don't let your guard down. The jackanapes could be regrouping.

It is my weapon of choice.
That looks like the kid that's driving his mother crazy. Should probably tan his backside before I bring him home.
Well, she's only a woman, Miguel. We'll all be golfing by the weekend.
Body bags are the outfit of choice for all enemies in this sector.
This is completely unacceptable. I demand to know where the rest of the goods are.
Sure, it disturbs me, but in good conscience, I could not allow this abuse to continue.
Bloody wildcat!
Obviously, a handsome dividend for the investment in my time. Perhaps when you think of freedom, you will also think of, "Dr. Clifford Highball."
They left! We rule the roost.
I require sleep. I am taking it, and I shall resume work when I wake.
Back to work.
Precisely my thoughts.
Bloody foreign stuff. Can't depend on it for nothing!
Caution. I have the work of an incompetent here.
Step careful. We could be stepping on trouble.
Bloody... hell... Never drink... and swim...
That little jaunt's over. What now?

Not bloody likely. Not with a history like yours.
No, you jackanapes! If I was suicidal, I'd just bloody well hang myself.
As much as I'd like to, I cannot. My mother-in-law is spending a couple of days with us. I'm afraid I'm destined to spend my time listening to what an ass her last husband was.
That's too short of a notice. I am afraid I cannot stay.
Thank you for calling Doctor Clifford Highball. I cannot speak with you at this time. Leave your first name and message, and I will return your call at a more opportune moment.
Glad I could be of service. You know where to find me if the need arises.
Raffi's a quack! Some sort of a bush butcher. I bet you didn't even ask to see his qualifications. Unlight him, and you can have me.


My contract's nearly complete. Should I assume that your lack of interest is an indication that you will not be renewing?
Good! This place is beginning to grow on me.
Done! The next conversation we have will be in Arulco.
I'll join! I always look forward to practicing medicine with doctor Summers.


Not in my plans. I'd rather perform an appendectomy on myself!
Pay attention. I said...
We are unable to complete this transaction. You need to have the money, jackanapes!

No, you jackanapes! If I was suicidal, I'd just bloody well hang myself.
Raffi Leevon is a fake. A quack. I can't practice medicine alongside him. Unlight him, and I'll stick to the end. Otherwise - I'm gone.


I always look forward to practicing medicine with doctor Summers.


Pay attention. I said...
We are unable to complete this transaction. You need to have the money, jackanapes!
Doctor Clifford Highball...
Few mercenaries have the ability to inflict or relieve pain like I do.
It really isn't that complicated.
And you'll be requiring me for how long, precisely?
There's no need for me to be here if you aren't ready to negotiate.  Have a nice day!


My contract is almost complete.
My constant improvement has made me more valuable, hence the rise in my fees.
