Got a sap!
Looks like we're gonna be seeing some action, Ace.
My nuts are in a vice, Ace!
Creature, Ace.
Now, what kind of a critter is that? It's the size of a freakin' Buick!
Maybe they're full now?
Caught some noise, Ace.
The place reeks of those freakin' creatures, Ace.
Something's gonna happen. I can feel it, Ace.
Here's hoping this excursion is bug-free, Ace.
They ain't lettin' up, Ace.
Look, Ace.
There's something.
Burned-up my ammo, Ace.
Don't worry about me, Ace. I'm just gonna lie here and bleed to death.
Grunty's gone? Freakin' tragic!

Oh, no...not Raven, Ace. Her and I had a future. Though she may not have known it yet.
I'm mixed up, Ace.
Damn! Jammed gun's dangerous, Ace.
Taking heavy fire, Ace.
I wasn't ready for that.
Freakin' lucky!
Attempting a shot like that would probably be a waste of time, Ace.
I need some gauze.
Put in a hell of a shift. Due for some for R & R, Ace.
I gotta get into better shape, or retire.
Be sure to write!
Exterminated!
Jail was too good for you, Upton!

How does a squirrel-faced pinhead like that end up landing a babe like Raven? Don't seem right, Ace.
Comes with the territory. Mike knew that!
Ya ain't been in combat, Ace, 'til ya pulled an eyeball out of your pocket.
Not crazy about water, Ace. Unless it's bottled up or in a bathtub.
Ready, Ace.
Maybe another time, Ace.
She was a real piece of work. Now, she's just a piece of meat.
I have to tell ya, Ace... That was a hell of a lot more fun than just spraying the place.
Nimrod...
This little adventure is turning sour, Ace. And fast!
Unless we get a few more professionals down here pronto, this operation is in the toilet.
Keep your heads down and your butts covered! They're comin' in from above!
How's about spending some dough, Ace, and gettin' me some equipment that was actually made in this century.
Kinda wish we weren't in the middle of a war, Ace. Wouldn't mind taking in some of the country and spending some time with the locals.

I still got a few things to learn.
Think it out, Ace.
Prop me up, Ace. I can't believe it turned out that way.
I spotted Jimmy, Ace. I wonder if there's still a reward for his head?

That Grunty's a firestorm, Ace.

That's one talented babe.
Sit on it a bit, Ace. We'll talk later.
I knew Mike had some long-term things going. Didn't expect to see him working for her though.
I can't see a freakin' thing, Ace!
I could try this forever, Ace.
There are some friendly people down here, huh Ace?
Sector's occupied by saps, Ace. Maybe we should fire off a couple of rounds just to let 'em know they're gonna die.
Gettin' to be a drag chasin' 'em, Ace. We go about our business, they'll probably show.
Lookee here, Ace. Jackpot!

I think I spotted Joey on the runaway, Ace.
Good to be here, Ace. You can count this one as already in the bag. She's gonna wish she was a housewife.
We're all clear, Ace.
This ain't everything we ordered!
It's people like her that give target practice new meaning, Ace. I mean, it was necessary, you know? Ask me, I don't think there was another way to deal with her.
Freakin' furball!
That's how to win 'em, Ace! Now that Arulco is clear, I think I might spend me some time with the locals, get a tan, do some R & R. I knew we could do it.
They couldn't take the heat, so they got outta the kitchen. Just us here now, Ace.
Taking some R & R, Ace. I'm getting cloudy here.
That's the ticket. I'm up and at 'em.
Hey, Ace! Sign me up, too!
Warranty musta expired on this thing. That's when they break.
Whoa. Sit tight...this is rigged.
Hmm. Looks dangerous, Ace.
You know I... hate... water..., Ace.
Like, I'm there, Ace.

Heard plenty of things about you, and none of them good, Ace. Gonna have to pass.
Don't look like anybody leaves here alive, does it, Ace. Been around too long to take a chance on one-sided odds.
Bad timing, Ace, got a rendez-vous with my dietician.
Gotta leave, Ace. Give me a bit a time. You never know, I could be back for the final sweep and the victory bash.
Hitman Hennessy, mercenary for hire! You caught me out and about, Ace. So, leave me a couple of details, and I'll call ya back when I get in. Have a good one.
It was a good stint, Ace. We'll be talking.
Jimmy Upton is nothing but a common criminal! I work with professionals...not jailbirds!

Don't ever want to find myself working with Raider again, Ace. Still can't figure out how this guy bagged Raven. Maybe she drinks?
Time's a tickin', Ace... You thinking about keeping me around?
Good news, Ace. I was in no rush to leave. We got work to do.
Count me in, Ace.
Sure, Ace. Grunty's the key to a solid operation. It's a pleasure to work with him.

Ya bet, Ace. With bait like Raven, how's a man to say no? Just stay a little more on top of things from here on in.
It's been a long haul, Ace. Think I'm gonna go back to my condo and forget all about you and this God forsaken country.
I was saying, Ace...
You got money problems, Ace. It's too bad, but I got to survive.
You sure you're not being a bit premature here, Ace?
Don't look like anybody leaves here alive, does it, Ace. Been around too long to take a chance on one-sided odds.
Jimmy Upton is nothing but a common criminal! What's next Ace, child molesters? If he goes out on the next sortie, I won't be here to see it!
Time's a tickin', Ace... You thinking about keeping me around?
Don't ever want to find myself working with Raider again, Ace. Still can't figure out how this guy bagged Raven. Maybe she drinks?
Sure, Ace. Grunty's the key to a solid operation. It's a pleasure to work with him.

Ya bet, Ace. With bait like Raven, how's a man to say no? Just stay a little more on top of things from here on in.
I was saying, Ace...
You got money problems, Ace. It's too bad, but I got to survive.
Hello, Ace...You're talking to Hitman Hennessy, mercenary for hire.
Don't believe everything ya read, Ace. I've never felt better.
Is this gonna be a while, Ace?
How big a bag am I packing?
Gotta run, Ace! I left something on the stove!
Jimmy Upton is nothing but a common criminal! I work with professionals...not jailbirds!

Almost time for me to say goodbye, Ace.
Moving up in the world, Ace. And my rates are moving right up along with me.
