Well, look who's here.
Well, look what the cat finally dragged in.
Got my testicles in a sling here!
Come to papa, little tapeworm.
Jesus H. If that's a tapeworm, I'd hate to see the guy who passed it, eh?
Betcha it was one of those tapeworms.
Something's shifting around.
Smells like those tapeworms have irritable bowel syndrome.
It's too quiet. I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
I'm half-expecting one of those tapeworms to jump out at me.
I'm up to my ass in parasites!
What's that?
Over there.
Need another round.
Got the crap... kicked outta me... don't think I'll bounce back.



I blanked out for a moment.
Great time for my gun to jam.
They're putting in a serious effort on me here!
Aah, won't slow me down a bit.
Nothing like a near-death experience, eh?
I'm in a bad position for that shot.
This laceration is causing significant blood loss.
I can't concentrate anymore. I need sleep.
Overexerted myself.
Minus one.
There's something satisfying about killing those.
Steroid... he's as dumb as a firetruck.
That Bubba's so damn racist even the Klan won't have anything to do with him.
Biff's mother should've exercised her right to choose.
My God, I killed Mike! I didn't think ANYbody could kill Mike!
Isn't there a famous quote about the man who cried because he had no hat, until he met a man who had no head? Something like that... I don't know...just seemed appropriate.

Need something else to do.
Not gonna do it!
She's not half the woman she used to be, eh?
Hey! Now there's a head I'd like to put on a plaque in my living room!
Pond scum!
I don't know about anyone else, but I'm thinking of defecting.
What a bunch of sub-delta morons.
Warplanes coming over!
These supplies aren't just inadequate, they're outright insulting.
I wish they'd just let me go off and do my own thing.
Women shouldn't be in this line of work. They lack the skeletal structure and muscular strength.
I've always been a good learner.
Looks like decisions get made by dartboard around here.
Bet Einstein's turning in his grave.
F.Y.I. No-neck grunts like Steroid Gontarski drive me up the wall. If he'd been on this team when you asked me to join, I would've laughed in your face.
For future reference, if you're going to hire white trash like Bubba, don't bother asking me along. Good thing for you, I'm honoring the rest of my contract.



Not ready to commit yet. I gotta see how we do. Well, how YOU do.
Oh, Jesus, it's Mike. I was hoping this day would never come.
Jesus! I'm as blind as a kitten at birth.
There's got to be a better way for me to spend my time.
He was pretty helpful.
The quicker we flush these guys out, the better.
We can pick up the pace, but we'd better stay on our toes.
Now we're brewing! Hope it's in good shape.

Looks like he could be the kid on the lam. Should probably have a chat with him.
Well, you know you've got our support. Wonder if she knows what she's got coming.
No one left! Another sold out trip to rigor mortis!
As if we don't have enough to worry about. Now we're being short-shipped.
I get a kick out of this - but when someone deserves what they get, it's like icing on the cake.
Jesus H. Cat!
There's nothing like finishing a job, eh? Makes me think about Desert Storm. You know, with this team, we could have sandblasted the hell out of Saddam. U.N. inspectors be looking for his body, instead of weapons.
Cleared out! Guess they forgot something at home.
No sleep and all work makes me crazy. I'll turn in and get back on the job in a flash.
I'm back to work.
You can count me in, too.
Damn it. Proper maintenance may have prevented this.
Ooo! Got a live one here.
Watch out. Area's got "trouble" written all over it.
I... don't know... if I... can make it.
I'm here already. Not looking to stand around all day.

From where I sit, you run a pretty Mickey Mouse operation. And I've already been to Disneyland.
Not with your stats, my friend. The life I save, may be my own.
One of the pharmaceutical companies is sending me to the Caribbean for a few days. Tough life, eh?
You'll have to give me more notice next time. I'm a busy man.
This is Dr. Daniel Quinten. Please leave me a message. If this is a medical emergency, you can call my service.
I'm a little surprised, but I won't stay around where I'm not wanted.
I don't like going into battle with drug users. They're notoriously unstable. I'm referring specifically to Steroid Gontarski, although there may be others on the team as well.
Somehow, I doubt that Bubba Jones and rednecks like him appreciate my presence. Nor I, theirs. I'm not your man.
Biff Apscott is a disgrace to this profession. His lack of gonads is a severe threat to team safety. I won't work with him.
Will you be renewing my contract? I'll have to know soon if you expect me to remain available.
That's perfectly acceptable. Thank you.
I'll be happy to accept the contract. Thank you.



I have certain minimal standards. I could barely get out of bed in the morning while working for you. Needless to say, I do not accept.
Please pay attention. I said...
Apparently you're not in the financial position to sign me up at the moment. When you are, get back to me.
I'm a little surprised, but I certainly won't stay where I'm not wanted.
Not with your stats, my friend. The life I save, may be my own.
I don't like going into battle with drug users. They're notoriously unstable. I'm referring specifically to Steroid Gontarski, although there may be others on the team as well.
Somehow, I doubt that Bubba Jones and rednecks like him appreciate my presence. Nor I, theirs. I'm not your man.
Biff Apscott is a disgrace to this profession. His lack of gonads is a severe threat to team safety. I won't work with him.



Please pay attention. I said...
Apparently, you're not in the financial position to sign me up at the moment. When you are, get back to me.
Yes, Dr. Quinten here.
As you probably know, I specialize in medical treatment in the field.
I have patients waiting for me. And little patience waiting for you.
What length of time did you have in mind for me?
Please don't waste my time. Contact me when you know what you want.
By working on a team with Steroid Gontarski, there's an implication that I condone his use of drugs. As this is professionally and personally abhorrent to me, I'd request that you keep us on separate teams.
I find Bubba's presence a serious detriment to professionalism and an affront to common decency. Please keep him on a different, less crucial team.
Yup. It's getting 'bout time to think about leaving.
So, I was thinking, if I had all this experience, I should be asking for more. Right?
