Encounter.
Time to earn our pay.
I've got a situation.
More head lice.
Looks like huge head lice. Though I doubt there's a treatment for it.
More evidence of our lice problem.
That sound didn't come from any of us.
In my opinion, that's the smell of the lice.
Getting bad vibes around here.
Can't get those giant head lice off my mind. Well, you know what I mean.
I don't know if I can handle these myself!
Is that worth picking up?
Worth something, maybe?
Ammo time.
Don't know if I can... can survive like this.


I've lost friends before in combat of one kind or another. But never a woman. You were a special woman, Meltdown. I'm going to miss you.
What was I doing again?
I've got a jammed gun here.
I'm being blitzed!
I've had clients rough me up far worse than this.
That kind of risk comes with the territory.
Possiblities are slim to none.
Getting blood on my uniform.
I'm going to start making mistakes unless I'm allowed to sleep.
I have to slow down a bit.
Target is down.
Scratch a head lice.
Static is infantile. He's a danger to this outfit.
Larry Roachburn should not be allowed to handle a weapon any more than a child should.
Nails is a renegade. Renegades are only out for themselves. They're entirely untrustworthy. He doesn't belong here.
I got Mike. He wasn't as tough as he liked to think.
Why do people have such a morbid fascination with this? It's disgusting and tragic.

Time to move on to something else.
Absolutely not.
Let's hope there are no more like her...though I doubt it, I have dated a few.
I hope that puts an end to the head lice.
That lout has no business among civilized men and women.
I don't approve of the way this outfit's being run. And I won't stand for much more of it.
Most of these mercenaries aren't professionals. They're stupid, brutish, and too interested in racking up a high body count.
They've called in their pathetic air force!
This equipment is substandard. Expect a substandard job.
Take comfort in my presence. I am capable of leading us through anything.
Americans think they're such hot shit! They'll probably rack up more gunfire victims in any one of their major cities than we will today.
Never too old to learn.
I doubt that stratagem will bear close scrutiny.
That result was entirely foreseeable.
Fortunately for you, Static was not a part of the original team, or I would never have agreed to join. Just keep him away from me.
As far as I'm concerned, Larry Roachburn is unwelcome on this team. I would have refused the assignment at the outset had I known he'd be admitted.


I've really come to like Meltdown. Talent is so sexy.
I've yet to decide whether or not this outfit meets my expectations.
Mike! Mike is here...working for them? We're going to have to kill Mike.
Bad situation! Some type of acid. I am sightless.
It appears to be beyond my capabilities.
I'm not sure about him.
I have confirmation of enemy forces in this sector.
Some of them have managed to flee. We should be prepared for a second assault just in case.

I cannot convey just how good it feels.
I think we've located the delinquent teenager.
We are completely prepared and confident, Miguel, and accept your welcome and the challenges that lie ahead.
Well, that's it. They've run out of forces in this area.
Apparently, the shipping department is not working toward their quality objectives, or... quantities disappeared at some point during transport.
Soldiers have to make some hard choices. This wasn't one of them. There were no other options.
Bobcat. Remain calm.
Before this, I was considering retirement, maybe some quiet time on the beaches of Brazil. Now I'm not quite sure. It was a pleasure.
It appears they've pulled out. They're most likely afraid.
To maintain my high quality standards, I'll be sleeping before I do any more work.
On duty.
Precisely what I was thinking.
With properly maintained equipment, this would not occur.
I must exercise prudence. A sound knowledge of explosives would be helpful here.
They didn't do a good job of disguising their intentions. Have to watch my step.
I suppose... this is the end... Help me!
My location is as requested.

Your reputation as a leader who lacks some basic skills is, unfortunately, borne out by your record. I'd need to see some improvement before I'd consider working with you.
I can't see signing with you at the present. Too high a percentage of your charges are never seen again.
Another time. I'm consulting on a new security setup in Moscow.
No, I'm off to draw up blueprints for a state-of-the-art vault system for the Japanese government. I'll need more advance notice next time.
You've found Stephen Rothman. If you leave a message for me, I can return your call.
Thank you for the work.
Any proposal involving my working on the same team as Static is unacceptable.
Surely you can't expect me to work with Larry Roachburn. Mercenary work requires maturity and dependability. He has neither. I can't accept.
I can't function alongside Nails. Aside from his obvious physical unsuitability for the task, I believe he's a renegade out for himself. You can't have us both.
My stint is nearly up. Shall we talk about renewal?
I accept the renewal.
I accept the contract with hopes for good things to come.


I'm troubled by some elements of your record, but I've developed a degree of faith in Meltdown. Based on her trust in you, I'll take the chance.
No, I've had enough of this treatment.
What I said was...
I charge more than you can afford to pay.
Thank you for the work.
I can't see signing with you at the present. Too high a percentage of your charges are never seen again.
Any proposal involving my working on the same team as Static is unacceptable.
Surely you can't expect me to work with Larry Roachburn. Mercenary work requires maturity and dependability. He has neither. I can't accept.
I can't function alongside Nails. Aside from his obvious physical unsuitability for the task, I believe he's a renegade out for himself. You can't have us both.


I'm troubled by some elements of your record, but I've developed a degree of faith in Meltdown. Based on her trust in you, I'll take the chance.
What I said was...
I charge more than you can afford to pay.
Stephen Rothman.
I consider myself a security specialist, but if you review my records, you'll see that it's by no means my only area of expertise.
You're wasting my time.
And you are proposing a duration of?
You're welcome to call once you have something to say. Good day.
I'm willing to put up with Static for the moment, but I make no guarantees. Just keep him well out of my sight, and there might not be any problems.

Be aware that our current agreement is nearing completion.
If you review my records, I am certain you'll agree that my increased capabilities more than offset the price increase for my services.
