Contact.
What a shame. We'll have to do some killing.
I have to get out of here!
Mutant trilobyte on the loose.
Mein Gott! It's like something prehistoric, something out of time, it's fascinating, and it's hideous, and I can't look away.
I don't think anything human could've done this... or any indigenous animal either, except perhaps those hypertrophic trilobytes.
I hear a noise. Can't identify it.
Phew, that must be the stench of the trilobytes.
I have a very ominous feeling about this place.
Let's hope we don't bump into any gigantic trilobytes.
How the hell do I overcome these things?
What have we got here?
Something here.
The chamber is empty.
Physician, heal thyself...quickly.
I learned much from you, Ice, and we are better people for having known you. In that way, you will live on. Godspeed.
Static, your good humor and youthful spirit helped see us through times of adversity. Those are precious gifts you have, and I will remember you always. Godspeed.
What an amazingly talented woman you were, Doctor Spider. Your grace under fire, your quick hands, your warmth. I can only hope to achieve that which came so easily to you. Godspeed.
What...what was I doing?
Gott im Himmel, my gun's not firing.
Have to find a better way to handle this!
Didn't even break a sweat.
Lucky to be alive. Good to feel that way once in a while.
There's hardly a shot from here.
This wound is too deep to stop bleeding on its own.
I'm so tired. Please, let me sleep.
Have to stop for a bit. Suffering a shortness of breath.
That one's kaputt.
Start fossilizing.



A shame to have to kill Mike... but he should have known better than to take the job.
Fragile, we are.
Rather not go in without my swimsuit and, I guess, I forgot to bring it.
What to do now...
I must refuse, no matter the consequence.
I like to think of her as permanently rehabilitated.
Just think. In a few hundred thousand years, she'll be petroleum!
Dummkopf!
I'd thought my spirit was unbreakable. But this misery is unbearable.
Mercs are not usually happy people, but this is the saddest, most neurotic team I've ever been part of.
They're flying in low!
What's the use of trying to fight when my guns and armor are so obviously inferior to that of the enemy?
Lighten up. We can have fun and get the job done at the same time.

I knew I'd gotten better!
This initiative sounds ill-formed and ill-timed.
That was an exercise in futility.


Ice is the kind of man I'm proud to serve with.
See, Static is a good soldier! And he makes me laugh.
This just confirms my impression of Spider. She is quite a woman.
Wait. Give me time to adjust and see if the chemistry works out right.
Ach du liebezeit! Mike is here! The schweinehund!
Ach du liebezeit! I am blind.
It is too bad, but it is too difficult for me.
Someone I would like to meet under different circumstances.
I have confirmed opposition activity in the area.
We must stay vigilant. Enemy forces remain in the vicinity.
I could make use of this...

That boy matches the description of the rebellious teenager we're supposed to be tracking down.
We accept your welcome and are eager to begin the task. Rest assured, Deidranna has indeed made a grave mistake in judgment.
Ja gut! Enemy defeated in this area.
Somebody, somewhere, has sticky fingers, and some of our stuff!
Even if the kids have to clean up the mess, I still say it was worth it. They will know freedom.
Mein Gott!
Next to the Berlin Wall, this is my greatest takedown! Thank you, friend.
The enemy has deserted the area. It is ours by default.
I will take my sleep now, and begin to work when I rise.
Yes, I am on the job.
You can say that again. Well, I can anyway.
This equipment has failed me. I am not surprised.
Mein Gott! This looks tricky!
Halt! The ground here reminds me of East Germany.
Mein Gott! I hate ... <gulb>... take... my gun... take.... anything...
Trip completed, I'm available.

I'll have to say no. I need a C.O. who inspires confidence, not caution.
Not me, no sir. I have an ex-wife and child to support, and your command tends to be deadly.
I haven't the time right now. I'm attending a seminar on the power of prayer in the healing process.
I have two marathons to run within the next week. So, while I can't take the job right now, I might be able to join you in the future. Try to let me know further ahead of time.
You've reached Thor, Cassandra, and Fenrus. We may be asleep or busy just now. After the tone, you can leave us a message, and we'll return the call as soon as we're able. Thank you!
Thank you for the opportunity. I hope we can work together again. Good luck.



When my contract expires a short time from now, will you want to keep me on as part of the operation?
I'll be glad to stay.
I'm looking forward to working for you.
Ice apparently thinks highly enough of you to be on your team. So, I think if you're good enough for him, you're good enough for me as well.
Static has a little more experience than I do in choosing teams. I'll trust his opinion of you and accept the assignment as he has.
I have a good deal to learn from Spider. I'd work with her under the worst of circumstances, and since she's with you, I suppose I'm with you, too.
I had thought this would be a good pairing, but I've come to realize I've made a mistake. But thank you for the opportunity.
Entschuldigung, I said...
With all due respect, sir, I can't pay the groceries with an I.O.U., and you don't have the cash to pay me.
I didn't realize I wasn't passing muster. But thank you for the opportunity to try anyways.
Not me, no sir. I have an ex-wife and child to support, and your command... tends to be deadly.



Ice apparently thinks highly enough of you to be on your team. So, I think if you're good enough for him, you're good enough for me as well.
Static has a little more experience than I do in choosing teams. I'll trust his opinion of you and accept the assignment as he has.
I have a good deal to learn from Spider. I'd work with her under the worst of circumstances, and since she's with you, I suppose I'm with you, too.
Pardon me, I said...
With all due respect, sir, I can't pay for groceries with an I.O.U., and you don't have the cash to pay me.
Hello, Thor Kaufman here.
I should let you know that as a vegetarian, I don't eat the regular tinned rations, but I can often scrounge myself a meal from the local flora. So, it's not as if I'd need any special supplies.
I need to get on with my life.
How long do you think you can use me?
Once you know what you need, call me. I'll be here.


A short time from now, my contract will be complete.
My performance is at peak, and I raised my fees to reflect that.
