Enemy detected.
I do believe we are finally going to see some battle.
Assistance would be welcome.
Located a menace.
Burnt biscuits! How can such a beast exist? I would never accept such a a tale if I was not to lay eyes upon it myself.
Truly ferocious, they are.
I hope that sound wasn't what I think it was.
<sniff> Oh...my, that would chase a dog.
I am experiencing queasiness. A premonition of trouble.
I shall keep my guard around here. I sense those beasts are close by.
They sure are determined.
I see something.
Uncovered an item.
Require reloading.
I am slipping into shock... not going to survive.
Sidney was killed? He was always so cautious...I shall miss him terribly.


Request a reissue of orders.
Firearm malfunction!
I am being fired upon.
That was more painful than anyone can appreciate.
Luck was with me.
Are you quite sure you want me to try to hit that target from here?
I require medical aid.
It has been an exhausting shift. I'm feeling rather pooped.
I am tuckered out.
Cheerio!
They're revolting...



Forgive me, Mike. I was left without a choice, and that was of your own making.
Ewwhh... I would have preferred not to have seen that.

Awaiting new orders.
I do not have the motivation to carry out that order.
I never believed a woman capable of such evil. She will no longer sully our reputation.
Finally, what a relief!
In the words of Magic, "Quite the Snapperhead."
I should be at home spending time with the kids.
Some people have so little to offer. And they all seem to be gathered here.
I hear planes!
The equipment I have been assigned may have had a noble history. However, the time has come to make some new purchases.
If anybody needs any help with anything, just let me know.
I am not particularly proud to admit this, but the French irritate me to no avail. Especially, Parisians.
I believed I was making progress.
Precisely what would be the purpose?
Rather predictable, I would say.


I can always count on Sidney.


For the moment, I would like to take a wait-and-see approach.
Why, this is difficult to believe. Mike is working for her?
Biscuits! I've been blinded.
I should probably stop trying.
Rather pleasant, wouldn't you say?
Enemies are known to be in the vicinity, sir.
They most likely took shelter under the rock they crawled out from under.
I could most certainly make use of this.

I believe that is the Graham boy. With our help, perhaps his mother will finally get some sleep.
It is indeed terrible, Miguel, but it is also by no means over. You shall enjoy the benefits of our full support.
Good work! That's the last of them.
Hmm. Our order has not been processed completely. I expect this will be corrected. Unless, of course, someone has been skimming off the top.
Terrible. But she did bring this upon herself. Can't feel poorly for that, then, now can we?
Ferocious feline!
Cheers! Rather pleasant, isn't it? To know we made a difference in the lives of so many people. That's what this is all about, then. Congratulations all around!
The enemies have withdrawn. I believe we're at ease for a while.
I shall take a short rest. I don't feel I'm doing my best, now.
Ah, much, much better. I shall get back to work, then.
Ditto that!
This is hardly worthwhile. It is not even functioning.
Hmm. There's more to this than meets the eye.
Exercise caution. We may be in jeopardy.
Bloody biscuits! My children... help... say goodbye!
Reporting in from new position, Commander.

I regret, Commander, that your reputation is... to be blunt, poor. Perhaps with time, you will be able to correct that, and I shall be in a position to accept your proposition.
Sorry, but the casualty rate, in my opinion, reflects a carelessness on your part, Commander.
Unfortunately, I will not be able to oblige. I have made promises to my children which I intend to keep.
I wish you had not left it to the last moment. I wasn't aware of your intentions, Commander. So, I made other commitments.
Hello. You have reached the residence and office of Scope Sterling. I regret that I am unable to answer at this moment. If you'd be so kind as to leave a message, I shall return your call as quickly as possible.
I hope you found my services up to snuff, Commander. Best of Luck.



Pardon me, Commander, but have you given any thought as to whether I shall remain in Arulco?
Continuing my employment with you shall be a pleasure, Commander.
Most satisfactory, Commander.
I'd never allow the opportunity to work with Sidney to slip me by. I shall put my misgivings about you aside.


Sorry, Commander but childbirth was more pleasant.
Pardon me. I said...
Evidently, your financial situation does not place you in a position to be offering me a contract.
Must say, I am slightly surprised, Commander. However, I did appreciate the opportunity.
Sorry, but the casualty rate, in my opinion, reflects a carelessness on your part, Commander.



I'd never allow the opportunity to work with Sidney to slip me by. I shall put my misgivings about you aside.


Pardon me. I said...
Evidently, your financial situation does not place you in a position to be offering me a contract.
Hello. You have the attention of Scope Sterling.
Tragic about Diana, wasn't it?
Is this going to be much longer?
What duration were you considering?
My apologies, but I cannot remain here indefinitely.


Pardon the intrusion, but the contract for my employ is approaching its conclusion.
I am well versed in military operations, and my skills continue to improve. It is only right and proper for me, at this time, to increase the cost of my services.
