Spotted the enemy.
Enemy force now in sight.
Okay, time to take the gloves off.
Reporting visual confirmation of a large nauseating creature.
God almighty, look at that. Now activating involuntary gag reflex.
Evidence of a creature attack. Possible evisceration.
Detecting a suspicious sound in the vicinity.
<sniff> Nasal passages are registering a highly offensive odor, likely due to the presence of a creature.
This is a high-anxiety area. I'll attempt to compensate for decreased control of excretory functions.
No creatures in sight...but I can't shake this feeling.
These creatures from the depths of hell are starting to annoy me.
Check that out.
Something there.
My firearm requires ammunition.
These wounds are badly in need of dressing... and I want some aspirin.
Wolf was a good man and a competent soldier who died in the line of duty, as he would have wanted. Too bad there's not enough left of him to bury. Okay, that's enough.
Len was a fine warrior. I learned a lot from him, and it was an honor to serve in his company. All right, enough sentimentality.

I'm experiencing a temporary lapse of...of...something.
My gun is jammed. Requires immediate attention.
Enemy bearing down.
My wounds are minor. There should be no permanent damage.
That was close. But close doesn't count.
Tough bead to draw from here.
The flow of blood from this wound should be staunched.
I can't go on without rest. I apologize for my weakness.
Overtaxing... respiratory system. Must take a breather.
Enemy, dead.
Creature, exterminated.




I WILL suppress my nausea.

Assignment completed. Awaiting orders.
No sir.
Female target, obliterated.
The queen mother destroyed, mission accomplished. Ready to move out, sir!
It's not my place to say what I really think of that low-down scum-bucket.
I only have myself to blame for joining this miserable excuse for a team.
How did I manage to find myself on this busload of section eights?
Aerial attack! Take cover, NOW!
I don't appreciate being outfitted with factory seconds and poorly maintained equipment.
You can call me an ass, but I'm totally committed, sir. Anything you need, you ask.

There's always room for improvement.
That course of action would be foolish.
That was a lapse of leadership, sir.


Yet another example of Wolf's fine work.
Len should be mercenary of the year.

I've learned that you haven't kept current with your payments. I tend not to have a forgiving nature when putting my life on the line. Therefore, I'm tendering my resignation effective immediately.

Bad news! I've lost visuals.
This is embarrassing, sir, but I'm unable to do it.
An upstanding citizen.
I have ascertained an enemy presence, sir.
Enemies remain alive, sir, though they have proved difficult to locate.

It was nothing.
It's that disrespectful teenager, sir. In my opinion, the boy suffers from absent father syndrome. Nothing a good strapping wouldn't cure, sir.
Sir. An honorable discharge, I am assuming.
Enemy presence eliminated, sir.
There is a higher volume of air in this box than I expected. I believe something is missing.
I choose to offer no opinion on killing that useless flab of flesh, other than I believe it was fully justified, sir.
Highly aggressive feline!
Every job worth doing is worth doing well, and we did it very well. It has been my pleasure and honor to serve you, sir, and as such, I should hope that you will consider me for future assignments.
The enemies have retreated, sir.
I must rest to maintain optimum performance level. I will sleep now.
Awake and back to maximum efficiency.
Copy that.
Poor equipment gives poor results. This is not pleasant.
Halt! Booby trap detected.
Caution! Chance to severely hurt ourselves over there, sir.
Water deeper than anticipated, sir, and causing substantial buoyancy problems.
Destination achieved, sir.
