This is quite the coincidence running into you here. I thought I had messed up good. And bingo, there you are in a whole other country. Well... call me John Kulba!
Remember me? I remember you. John Kulba from Cleveland, Ohio. Gateway to the Great Lakes.
What this place really needs is a beach. A beach with a boardwalk. That'll get ya the tourists nine times outta ten.
I hear they got snow here up in the mountains. Can you believe it? Maybe what they should be doing is opening up a ski hill. That'll put some money in the coffers. I should run for president or something.
Thanks, but with the insurance money I got from Mary's death there's nothing I need. I hit the jackpot!
This country looks about as messed up as Arulco. Don't tell me they got a woman in charge, too. I mean... Don't take that the wrong way, it's just an observation.
Idle your motor there, fella. There's no cause for excitement!
Ya can spot talent, that's for sure! But I got a heck of a story to tell. And I plan on telling it.
I caught one. Gonna need some medic working on me.
Think I'll check out the local tourist attractions for a bit. They must have some old rocks somewhere. Maybe, I'll bump into you again.
I don't remember you owing me any money, but if you say so.
That wasn't very smart, you know. I'm an American!
How's about we talk when it's safe. Seems like a good idea to me.
You won't regret it, I promise you that.
I was flying to Arulco to find ya when, believe this or not, I fell asleep on the plane, and missed the connecting flight to Drassen. Think I might have had too much complimentary beer and peanuts.
So, I ended up in Tracona. And the next flight to Drassen is in a week. I'm struck, trying to find a cab in a country that's got as many vehicles as Arulco. Maybe even two less...
When I got back to the U.S. of A. and starting thinking, I realized what it was that I always wanted to do. To be... a soldier of fortune. To be... the Commando from Cleveland, Ohio - Grunt from the Great Lakes.
Ahh then, tragedy struck. Mary was murdered in a home burglary. They took everything. Unfortunately, that woman never knew when to keep her opinions to herself. Uh, but don't worry about me...
I didn't lose a thing. Happened at her sister's place. Well, after her funeral, I started thinking again... and decided to go looking for ya. Booked my tickets direct from the airline this time, so there'd be no screw-ups.
Uh, also, I was getting kinda lonely without Mary around to talk my ear off. House seemed really... empty. So I said to myself: Self, this is your chance. I'll go back to Arulco and live out my dreams working with you.
Kinda figured, too, that if I were to die, I'd die in the same country as Mary. Of course, I'd expect to be buried in the U.S. of A. - that goes without saying, but I do want to be clear about it.
So, what do ya say? I was a sharpshooter in the reserves, you know. Even cleaned out my garage and brought down some pretty impressive weapons. I don't need any money... I got a good pension with the steel plant.
Nothing personal, honey, but I'll need to talk to the guy in charge. You must have some sort of squad leader guy around here telling ya what to do?
Thanks, pal. I was feeling kinda queasy.
You having a tough time, pal? I mean, am I with you or ain't I?
I end up hiking through the mountains on some old logging roads. Did get a lift part of the way on an ox cart. Kid was nice enough to tell me which way Arulco was... And next thing I know, bingo here you are...
