Whoa... Partner. I no work here. I, Tex Colburn, known actor of motion pictures. Perhaps, you hear of my latest western, "Wild, Wild, East" available now in video section.
I still here, partner. Big lines for autograph. You lucky you come now. It slow like sand turtle.
I am method actor. If I need to act drunk for bar brawl scene, I get drunk for bar brawl scene.
Some of my other movies include; Attack of the Clydesdales and Have Honda, will Travel. The only western ever made with sub-compact cars instead of horses. Three stunt drivers die wading through raging river.
Sorry. Can only autograph video boxes of movie. Very strict contract.
I insist on using real bullets. No blanks for my six shooter, partner. Realism most important.
Careful how you talk to me, partner. I met Clint Eastwood... via satellite... two times.
I not sure you show true appreciation for my talents.
I in pain, partner... Need Doc Holiweek.
I sorry, partner. Very tired. Need rest up before crowds come back again.
I no take money. Be violation of contract.
You dueling with wrong cowboy, cowboy!
I no give autographs while shooting going on. You go kill rustlers.
Howdy, Partner. Tex Colburn. It pleasure to make your acquaintance.
That right. I on a very long, eight-month tour of third world countries promoting my latest direct to video endeavor. I even bring actual six shooters I use in final showdown with Willy Smithito for your inspection.
Ya know, partner, I was mercenary like you before I become big movie star. Oh, I remember many showdowns, life and death situations, where I get out only with skill of six shooter. It was good time...
No autograph tours in poor, bug-filled countries, no druggy directors and drunk cameraman. Just shooting till somebody die. It was ride-off into the sunset good time. Hoh, I miss it terribly.
Hey... I got idea, partner. This last stop of tour. I have time off. I can help you round-up rustlers while I take vacation. I still very good with six shooter, and this time I work for free.
I also carry makeup kit with me. Can make own camouflage. Oh... It would be special ride for me, partner. I beg you to put me in posse.
Still plenty of videos in stock. You buy one, I sign it with gold marker, partner.
Heehaw! Just like old time, partner. I ready to hit the range! Even make camouflage for face. I think it pretty good job. Can hide in tumbleweed.
Much obliged, Doc.
Are you sure this time, Partner? I not saloon with swinging door, you know.
