Bad guys.
Time for the enemy to say its prayers!
They got me up against the wall!
We gotta purple people eater here!
Geez Louise! It's an honest-to-God...ugly something or other.
This leads me to think we just missed a nasty scrape with a purple people eater.
Yo, I heard something.
Geez, that stinks. Those purple people eaters must be eating too many raw vegetarians.
Something funny's going on here. I don't like it.
Wish I'd brought my Saint Ian medal...the patron saint of protection from the purple people eaters.
Okay, these assholes aren't funny anymore!
Hmm, what's this?
Something's lying there.
Need to reload!
I've been hit...feels like a sucking chest wound, a concussion and a vasectomy all at the same time.



Sorry, my mind is somewhere else. What was that again?
Got a gun jam here.
They're trying to pound me to a pulp!
Well...this trip isn't anything like it sounded in the brochure.
Wonder how many lives I've got left after that.
Don't think I can make that one.
Geez, sorry. I'm getting blood all over the place.
I'm going to drop unless I get some sleep immediately.
Gimme a minute.
Nighty-night!
Cleanup in aisle 2!




Geez...talk about losing face...

I'm finished here.
I respectfully refuse, sir.
Hey-hey, all right! Nothing like seeing a job from beginning to end.
All right! Tell me what I've won! Sports car? Gift certificate? Or do I just get to make a really huge omelets.
I dunno if I've ever met a bigger jackass.
This whole deal is really starting to get on my nerves.
Most of these guys'll never make it to MENSA, but they're good enough in a fight.
We got some unwanted aerial attention!
This stuff we've got is useless. We'd be better off throwing snowballs.


I'm not your average mercenary.
Sounds like something an armchair general would come up with, not a seasoned field commander.
Anyone who didn't see that coming, raise your hand.






Countryside looks a little too damn quiet for my liking. I say we find this Miguel dude and hunker down.
My eyeballs are waterin'! All I can make out are painful shadows.
This is futile.
My kind of guy.
Enemies have been detected in this area.
Keep in mind, we didn't get them all.

The puff of smoke, the thud of the body... Man, there's nothing like it.
Isn't that the kid we're supposed to be keeping an eye out for?
Well, she better say her prayers, Miguel, cause she's got another thing coming. Like a bullet to the head. Good to be on board with ya.
Yeah! We're good! Once someone notifies their next of kin, we can move on to the next sector.
Whoever stole our stuff outta here, I'll be using this box as their coffin, if ya get my drift.
Stand up and let me do it again! Man, she had that coming... I hate being jerked around like that!
Puddy-cat! I'm sure I see a puddy-cat!
You're the best damn commander this side of the tracks. I know it. I was here from day one right until ground zero. Fine job.
They musta realized the writing was on the wall. They left us the place.
Resting my eyes for a bit. I'll get on it shortly.
Back on the clock.
I second that.
This dollar-store thing is whacked. It's useless.
Hold tight! This thing's rigged to blow.
Keep your feet in the dotted lines, man. Straying could be dangerous.
Need to... find something that floats... Or I'm... gonna die...
Got where I needed to be. What's on the agenda?
It's about time we get the computer back on-line. I felt a little stranded there for a bit.
Ugh! My aching back... That was a heck of a drop.
I betcha if Skyrider was our pilot, we wouldn't be in this situation.
If anybody saw the crash, they'll be looking to check it out. Better not hang around too long.
There doesn't seem to be a way out. Looks like we gotta find a way to open that door in the basement.
What do ya figure, I'm gonna tunnel a new tunnel out? There's no turning back now.
Oooch! It's colder than a witch's mammary gland!
So that's where the border guards are coming from. What do you say we smoke 'em out?
This place ain't floating in dough that's for sure.
Whuh! Things are warming up. Wasn't sure if we'd run into polar bears there for a second.
Numbers don't add up. Looks like we left part of the team behind.
We got a way to get there, but I also got a ringing in my ears. Like I'm sure everyone within miles of here does.
Hard to believe, but the team is intact.
Is it just me or does anyone else want to spend the day in there hanging out and reading every magazine on the shelf?
I'm gonna have to do everything in my power to keep myself from seriously hurting that guy.
This is gonna be a pleasure.
That fellow is a long way from home. I got a good feeling about him...as long as I'm first through the fan, that is.
Good to have an Omerta rebel along for the ride, Manuel.
You've seen a few things, Colonel, that's obvious, but I wasn't counting on recruiting anyone from the other side.
Stay close, Mister Kulba. That reserve training was probably eons ago.
You could turn out to be a real treat, Tex.
I've always wanted to get my hands on one of these.
This fan thing smells like a stunt for Houdini.
It looks like your journey has came to an end.
Gimme that piece of paper for a second.
Nice blast! Always enjoy the really big ones. Don't imagine they'll be sending any missiles anywhere from there.
Looks like we got more than just the border patrol to contend with.
It might be some kind of medieval weapon. Not really sure.
Those puddy-cats got serious attitude. Actually, I should say HAD serious attitude.
Oh! That hurt, Raul. Stop it already, you're killing me.
Ah shoot! The dumbass blew all his stock up, too...
I could probably push this thing off. Though cutting through it would have made a hell of a lot less noise.
Whoever built this door obviously built it to keep people out.
Let's hope that was the door downstairs I heard opening.
Geez Louise! That's loud!
We're on deck! They shutdown the fan.
Yup! They were planning on raining missiles down over Arulco all right. Paper's got all the math to do exactly that. Gives the coordinates for this facility, too...
Here's an idea... I'll pop the coordinates of this place into the control panel, and create my own little rainstorm. Just have to haul ass into the elevator when I'm done.
