Target in sight.
We have some inconveniences to dispose of.
Serious snafu here!
Sushi!
That's one badass piece of sushi.
Got a feeling those things did some slicing of their own here.
Think I heard a suspicious sound.
Ugh, pretty rank. Smells like putrid sushi.
Something's out there, man. Something's watching us.
I never cared for those things. And trust me, they're around.
God damn, I need backup.
What's there?
Might be worth a look.
No more ammo.
Took it hard this time...may not walk away from this one.



Sorry, come again? I was spaced.
Gotta jammed gun here, damnit.
They're turnin' up the heat!
Sort of feel like a mosquito that's been slapped.
Comes with the territory.
Need a better vantage point.
Got a bad puncture wound here. Losing blood.
Hittin' a wall here. Gotta sleep.
I...I have to slow down.
Target dispatched.
Eat it raw!




Someone took a little too much off the top.

I'm all done.
No, with all due respect.
Our main target has been dispatched.
YES!! I mean...just doing my job.
One of those mercs we could do much better without.
I expected things to go better than this.
Some people should wise up and realize that mercenary work isn't for everybody.
Air raid! This is not a drill!
This equipment is trash. Should probably just put it out on the curb.


I do what I can.
I think we might want to go over that again.
That was a predictable outcome.






Don't look like we were spotted comin' in. Now we gotta find this Miguel guy.
This better pass quick...I can't focus on a damn thing.
I'll never get that.
You meet all kinds. Some of them actually turn out to be worth meeting.
Heads up. We have a confirmed enemy presence.
They probably haven't strayed too far...

It gets the job done.
Hey, that's that Graham kid.
We're here to prevent that, Miguel. And we got access to the firepower to do it.
That's it for targets! At least for this area.
Hm. Perhaps we should take a closer look at who we deal with. They're skimming off the top.
I'm surprised to hear myself say it, but sometimes there don't seem to be enough bullets... A lot of mothers are gonna be spending more time with their kids.
Bobcat!
Well, we've been in this thing together since the beginning. Been a lot of water under the bridge. Feels like a long time ago. Hell... I almost feel like you gave birth to me. Thanks.
Ah, they took the back door. No one here but us, now.
Taking a rest before I do something foolish. Up in a bit.
Up and back on track now.
Same here.
This thing belongs in the nearest trash can.
Damn! Looks like we got a problem here.
Stay still! See that? Looks suspicious to me.
Hey... there's a un..<gulb>... un...<gulb>... under...<glub>... tow... <glub> here!
Made it intact.
The laptop is fixed. We're connected again.
Burrrr! Ah, what's all this white stuff? Are we in Canada?
I don't feel lucky.
If we don't get going soon, I'm going to freeze to death right here.
This leads nowhere. Have to figure out how to get that door open downstairs.
Don't know where you expect me to go, we are in a tunnel after all.
Only I could end up stranded in snow - dressed for the beach.
Base camp. This must be where the border guards lay their heads at night.
Lacking a certain something pretty much sums up this town.
Still can't believe I trekked through all that white stuff dressed like this.
Rats! We're shorthanded from here on in.
Don't think it's gonna be much of a surprise to anybody when we show up.
Got the whole team through. Now, to throw a little surprise party for the people on the other side.
I imagine when you're the only store around for a zillion miles you can have all the policies you want.
Guy's covered in slime from his ears to his tail.
Famous last words!
Never been double-crossed by an Eskimo before, anybody else?
Get ready to move out, Manuel. It's comforting to be working with a bonafide rebel.
Ya tell a good story, Colonel. You've seen it all I gather.
Sorry about Mary and all, John, but you know what they say, there's a reason for everything. Stay close, you might be a bit rusty.
Good to finally work with you, Tex. Your reputation precedes you.
Hmmmm. Never had the opportunity to use one of these before.
May want to rethink this fan thing.
It so much more fun wasting someone important.
Pass it over here. I want to take a look at that letter.
That was a beauty. Place is history... Definitely won't be launching anything from there.
Shoot! Taking out that guardhouse didn't solve all our problems.
Hmmm! A hand mortar. Heard of these, but I never thought I'd actually get to hold one.
Finally all dead! Now, I know why you never get to see them in a zoo. Too damn dangerous!
Ya need a little more practice there, Raul. Course that ain't gonna happen now.
The real pity is that he turned everything he was holding into scrap metal.
Gonna have to pop it open somehow. Probably with brute force, since there's no wirecutters around to cut through it.
That's one solid door!
Think we just got lucky... Pretty sure I heard something open.
That ain't no church bell!
That's our call. They closed down the fan.
This is intriguing. It's got all the info buddy needed to launch the missiles into Arulco. Coordinates, the whole nine yards. Since he obviously won't be using them, maybe we can.
I could probably enter this launch pad as the destination into the control panel... Be kinda ironic to use their own weapon against them, wouldn't it? Just have to use that elevator to make a clean getaway, when I'm finished.
