More opposition.
Time to take out the trash!
Gotta pull outta here, NOW.
BFS...Big Friggin' Slinky.
Jeezis K. Riest, that is the biggest, grossest goddamn slinky I ever did see!
Slinky's been on a rampage, man.
Just heard a noise!
Whew! That's one stinky slinky, man!
Gettin' the cold sweats. Means something heavy's about to go down.
I think them butt-ugly slinkies are around...
God damn, man, the Big Friggin' Slinkies are everywhere.
Something over there.
What is that?
This gun ain't happenin' 'til I reload it.
Feels like my insides are on fire!



Zoned out for a second. Run that by me again.
Shoot, my gun jammed!

Awright, no more Mr. Nice Guy.
Yeah, that coulda been bad, but I got me some kickass karma.
Hey, I'm good, but I'm not sure I'm THAT good.
I'm puttin' pressure on this wound, but it's still bleedin'.
I can't stop yawnin'. I gotta take a catnap, like, now.
Lemme catch my breath, before I pass out!
Tagged ya.
Unslinkified!




Oh, Jesus, now THAT blows my mind. Guess that makes two of us.

Got this wrapped up. Next!
Pff! Get someone else to do it.
HAHAHA! Rest in pieces, you evil thing!
Awright, baby! Big Mama ugly-ass slimy slinky bites the big one!
If there's a worse merc than that scumbag, I ain't met 'em.
Somebody put me outta my misery before I do it to myself, would ya?
This company, talk about scrapin' the bottom of the barrel for mercs!
They're making a bombing run!
I hate going into battle with stuff I can't trust. This is the flimsiest crap I've ever been asked to use.


Some of us just have it.
Gotta be kiddin' me. Wanna do WHAT?
Didn't really expect that to work, didja?






Talk about flying in low. I had to look up to see the squirrels. I'm sure glad to have my feet planted firmly on the ground. Now, which way to the rebel hideout?
Need a guide. I can't see nothin'!
This just ain't gonna happen.
Those are the kind of people I'm fighting for.
This is a guaranteed combat area. Got enemies.
Remember, there's at least one hiding somewhere nearby.
Bingo. It's just like Christmas.

That's the milk carton kid! Joey whatever...
Not if we take her out first. Let me tell ya, most women I take out don't even know how to read a map.
Yeah! This is an enemy-free zone.
We've been short-shipped or finger-slipped! Either way, there's stuff missing.
It was either that or an armful of Midol. And I didn't see no pharmacies. Don't sweat it, we'll be heroes around here.
Pussy!
Yeah! Now that's the way to show 'em who's boss! It was good to be part of it. Hard to believe it's already over.
Ah, they're up to something else now. Not here anymore.
Grabbing a catnap 'fore I smack my head off the floor.
Yup, I'm back on it.
Deal me in, too!
It's broken! How 'bout we stop shopping outta dumpsters?
That thing's wound up tight enough to take an arm.
Hey, would ya look at that? Don't look right to me.
I'm going down... fast!
End of the road. I'm just standing here waitin'.
Never know how much ya miss a computer till ya go without porno. I'm glad ours is working again.
That... pilot better be dead!
Lucky? You're lucky I don't kick your ass, ya bush pilot idiot!
I vote we move out, now.
Looks like we gotta go back where we came from and deal with that door. Though, I thought maybe we'd find something up here.
I'm not going anywhere, cause there ain't anywhere to go, sir.
Jeezis K. Riest! It's bone-chillin'! You could use my family jewels to keep drinks cold.
Ground zero! One good blast and these guys won't be poppin' out of the rocks anymore.
Who would want to live here?
Got my fingers crossed the snow's behind us. I think my plans for fatherhood may have been altered though.
Let's see here... we're a head or two short. Probably, didn't make it through the fan.
Blowing our way in was safer than strolling through the fan, but definitely not as quiet.
Awright! Looks like everyone's got a seat for the finale.
What's her chance of being employee of the month?
A good ass-kicking might just get this gunrunner thinkin' a little friendlier.
La-dee-da. Got to love the last hurrah.
You realize that if it doesn't work, you'll be able to suck us through a straw.
You must know a thing or two about this country, Manuel. Feel free to cough it up.
Nothing personal, Colonel, but I'm hoping you'll do a better job for our side. The Queen Majesty herself has endorsed our mission.
I'm sure we can find some use for you, John. Just try and keep yourself outta trouble.
Were you in "The Good, the Bad, and the Asian," Tex? That was one of my favorites. Hope you're still in fighting shape.
I've always wanted to fire-off a couple of rounds with one of these.
I'd rather be looking down the barrel of a M16, than taking a stroll through that fan.
Looks like the fat lady is done singing.
Give me that paper!
Unbelievable! A work of art! And with that our work is done here.
We got new meat. Should have known the guard station wouldn't be the end of it.
This thing should be in a museum. Wonder if it still works?
That's it! If she's got any more problems with wildlife, she's on her own.
Ha ha! He had me worried for a second. Until his head flew over my shoulder, that is.
Problem is I don't think he left anything behind. Nothing useable anyway.
Wish there was cutters, so we could get in quiet. But that ain't gonna happen!
Now that's one serious door!
That moved something downstairs. I heard it.
What the hell is that all about?
That's the sound we been waiting for... Time to do it.
Aha... This is what he was gonna use to fire the missiles into Arulco. Got the coordinates for pretty much every town. I bet I could operate the control panel and plug some of my own numbers in...
Like the ones for this place. End this whole story with one good blast! Just need a quick way out of here... Hey - that elevator should do the trick.
