More aggressors.
They're here. Let's get the show on the road.
I'd like to get outta here while I can still walk!
Killer chiggers on the loose!
My God! It's like a...it's like the Six Million Dollar Chigger!
I think one of those steriod-induced chiggers came through.
Hear that?
Ugh-ah, I hope someone just cut the cheese. Otherwise, we're downwind of a rampaging giant chigger.
Something's setting off my internal alarms.
Lions and tigers and chiggers...oh, my.
Get outta my face, chiggers! Shoulda packed some DEET!
Looky yonder.
What's lying there?
This gun's empty.
I can't feel anything...I'm as close to dead as you get.



Wait a minute, I lost my bearings. What am I supposed to be doing?
My goddamned gun is jammed, pardon my French.
If I don't get outta here, my goose is cooked!
Thank you. Thank you, very much.
Well... Better to watch it than feel it.
Poor chance from here. Maybe from another position.
If I keep losing blood, sooner or later, I'll black out.
I'm pooped. I have to sack out for a while.
I'm out of breath. Give me a sec.
You're dead, pea brain.
Rubbed out that chigger!




There goes my appetite for the next week.

Ready for something new.
No. I draw the line.
I would rather have seen her suffer for a long time...but hey, this'll do.
Yeah, baby! You make a pretty corpse!
I know what that idiot's problem is: not enough secondhand smoke!
Next time, I'll pick a more exciting assignment...like shooting subway rats in Brooklyn.
Jesus, I hope there's no group photos. I wouldn't want to be seen with this bunch of second grade dropouts.
Holy moly! They're making a strafing run!
There isn't enough scotch tape in the world to hold this cruddy equipment together.


I'm self-taught!
Pretty cheesy plan.
And the Golden Turkey award goes to...






It's a good feeling to have my feet on terra firma. Now, to find that rebel leader Miguel.
Holy moly! I'm unable to open my eyes.
Nothing is going to come of this.
A neighborly kind of fellow.
Tread carefully. There's aggressors around.
We didn't get them all, so let's be careful.
Wow! You don't find one of these every day.

Kid over there looks like he might be hiding from someone.
Maybe on a real good day, Miguel, but we just ruined the chances of that. You let us get to work, and things will be fine.
Yeah! That's a clean sweep! There's no dirt left.
Hold on. Looks like we have a problem here. Where's the stuff?
How's that feel, honey? Just so you know, it feels damn good to me, and everybody else around here.
Dog food!
Nothing like standing by each other through thick and thin, eh? Thanks for everything, and you know what I mean. I was here from day one.
Uh, they pulled out. I hate that.
Gonna grab some sleep. I'll give you a holler when I'm up.
Okay, I'm back to work.
Yeah, I'll echo that.
Need to get this fixed.
Oh baby! We got a live one here.
I wouldn't be going anywhere near that.
One... more minute... That's as long as I can tread...
I'm here. Need instruction.
Looks like we finally got the laptop up and running.
Ouch! What did we hit?
Well... He's right. At least we're alive.
We should get going. Preferably, somewhere where there's a lot less snow.
I don't see any way out up here. We gotta figure out how to get that door open down below.
And just where would I go?
I can't believe I'm in the middle of a blizzard wearing a cruddy T-shirt. Somebody didn't do their job.
Ahhh! That's probably where all the soldiers are coming from.
It's kinda quaint around here, don't ya think?
I think I can actually feel heat running through my body.
I wish we could have all gotten through. Never know what lays ahead.
I don't think our entrance is going to be much of a surprise anymore.
Good! We're all here.
Betty must have a good business going. I don't see too much else around.
He could use a couple of seminars to brush up on his sales skills.
I've come a long way to get my sights on you!
I sure hope he knows what he's talking about.
The more the merrier, I always say.
Who knows, even I might pick up a pointer or two from you, Colonel.
Keep your eyes open, Mr. Kulba. Maybe you'll learn a thing or two.
Can't say I've seen any of the movies you've been in Tex, but if you're up to it, it's good to have you on the team.
This is new.
Not to be a party pooper, but are we really going to go through an industrial fan?
He should have known that was coming.
Can I take a look at the note?
A job well-executed. That place won't be a threat to Arulco anymore.
They must be coming from somewhere other than the border house. I bet we're dealing with the military now.
Holy moly! This gun's got to be a hundred years old.
All that's left is to clean up the mess.
What a loser! Hahahaha!
There's nothing left but tiny pieces, and that goes for whatever he had on him, too.
This always happens when you leave your wirecutters at home. Maybe it can be forced. Of course, the noise will probably echo throughout the entire building.
Look at the door... I don't think it was meant to open.
That moved something. I heard it.
I'm sure we didn't set that alarm off. Wonder what's up?
We're up. This is our chance to quietly get into the facility.
It's got all the instructions for firing the missiles; Point of origin, the coordinates for the towns in Arulco, everything. They were really ready to do it...
I wonder... If I punched in the point of origin on the control panel, if I could get a missile to destroy this place... It's worth a try. Just got to hit that elevator running when I'm done.
