Enemy in view.
We've got trouble.
I'm overloaded here!
We got one of those whatchamacallits.
Holy Mother of...what the hell do you call that?
Those giant thingamabobs must've come this way.
I don't know what I just heard, but I don't like it.
Ecch...smells rotten, like one of those big whatever-they-ares.
I don't like how quiet it is.
Sure hope we don't bump into a big whozeewhatsis.
These things aren't playing fair!
What's that?
There seems to be something over there.
An empty weapon is never good.
Hope I don't look as bad as I feel.



I got distracted. Give it to me again.
This gun's jammed.
I'm in the hotseat here!
Was that supposed to hurt?
Suddenly I feel really glad to be alive.
I'm not very confident about that shot.
Permission to stop bleeding, somebody?
I'm about to fall asleep on my feet.
Need to breathe.
Another down.
Killed one.




I hate to look at that kind of thing.

I'm finished my task.
I can't comply with that order.
All right, go home, there's nothing to see here.
I've got to believe that thing was here for a reason...but damned if I know what that could've been.
Hate to say it, but what a loser.
I don't feel like I'm doing any good here. And being here isn't doing me much good either.
I get the feeling that everybody on this team is only out for themselves.
Enemy planes approaching.
Everything I've got either needs repair or replacement. This is no way to wage a battle.


Improvement. Feels good.
I believe we need a better approach.
I'm hardly surprised that didn't go as intended.






That chopper pilot's a madman. He made me nauseous. Oh, well... It's off to find Miguel.
Ow, got me in the eyes. Ah, they're on fire!
Surely, there's something else I could be doing.
Wish I met her under other circumstances.
There are enemies in proximity.
There's at least one of them isn't accounted for. Could be waiting for the right moment to surprise us.
Here's something to perk up my day.

Isn't that Joey Graham over there?
Not with us here, she won't. Count on it.
One for our side! All enemies are down.
It appears there's been a theft here. Stuff's missing.
Forgive me for being cold and calculating, but that woman was a complete zero in any book. They'll probably throw us a parade.
Cougar!
The people in Arulco can sleep a little easier tonight. Only thing that might fall from the skies will be rain. Well done, once again, from beginning to end.
They musta slipped out. No enemy presence in the sector.
I'll grab a few z's and get back on the job.
Rested and returning to work.
I was just going to say that.
Maintenance could have prevented this. Now, it's nothing but dead weight.
This's got "deadly" written all over it.
Watch out. I'd keep my toes off of that.
Need a... line here! I'm... drowning! Anyone...
Safe arrival. I'm prepared for the next assignment.
Now that the laptop is working again, it might be time to bring in some fresh meat.
Okay... All my body parts are accounted for.
Somebody should take away your license... If you even have one.
We should get moving. It isn't getting any warmer standing here.
Looks like we've hit a dead end... There has to be a way to open that door downstairs.
Ya... Let me just catch the next bus to Memphis. In case you've forgotten, there's no way back.
This is absolutely crazy. We're gonna freeze to death.
Looks like we found the beehive. I say we smoke these guys out good.
This whole town needs a good decorator.
It's warming up, but my cheeks are still burning.
Team's gotten smaller. Sure hope there's no blood on the fan.
With noise like that who needs doorbells. I guess it's safe to say we'll be expected.
Looks like everyone's accounted for. No one's gonna have to wash the fan blade after all.
Maybe our company should come up with some policies of its own. Like not letting annoying store clerks live.
What is it with armsdealers and attitude? Do they all share the same mother?
You haven't got a clue, do you?
Anybody else I wouldn't buy into, but there's something about Rudy that tells me he's on the up and up.
You rebels sure get around. Good to have you with us, Manuel.
I'll be keeping an eye on you, Biggens. Your loyalty strays so much as an inch and I'll pull the trigger myself.
I was beginning to believe that there weren't any men left like you, Kulba. How naive of me. Let's hope you got what it takes.
So, you used to be with A.I.M. huh, Tex? I hear those were the days. Been awhile though, hasn't it?
Hey, this is a new toy. Too Much...
I don't even want to think about what would happen if someone was caught in there with the blades turning.
I doubt your own mother will even miss you.
Pass that note to me.
All right! I give it a nine! That place won't need an address anymore.
Looks like we got more than just border guards to deal with.
It looks really old. I wonder if it still works.
I hate those cats! I hope that's all of them.
Got to admit... That's one tough act to follow. Though I don't think it was planned.
Too bad his stuff didn't blow clear. There's nothing left of it.
Would have been nice to have something to cut through this with... I'll have to use the old fashion way - a good boot. Gonna make an awful lot of noise though.
I don't even think the door has a keyhole. Getting it open won't be a picnic.
Well... That sure did something. I felt the whole building shake.
Haven't got a clue what that noise is all about.
Time to make our move, before that fan starts turning again.
Humph... This is interesting. Has the coordinates for all the potential targets on it. Most of them towns in Arulco... Probably wouldn't be too hard to reverse a few things and make this facility the target.
I'll have to figure out how the control panel works... Then I'll need a clear route to make a fast getaway. The elevator over there would probably do the job.
