More scum!
Okay, let's pop some zits.
Got my butt in a sling here!
Boogiebug in the vicinity.
God, I used to think somethin' like that lived underneath my bed. We called it, "the boogieman."
Lookit this mess. Must've been left by one of them boogiebugs.
I heard a funny noise.
Christ-mas, that's foul.
Gettin' goosebumps. Usually happens before all hell breaks loose.
Gotta keep an eye out for those boogiebugs.
The boogies are nailin' me!
Check that.
Someone dropped something.
This baby needs ammunition.
I ain't dead yet, but that's about the only good news I got.



Gimme that again. I got turned around a bit.
This gun picked a fine time to jam up.
Good time for a grenade.
Aah, playground stuff.
Good thing I ain't afraid to die.
That shot don't look good from here.
I got a rare blood type, so I better stop bleedin' soon.
I'm ready to drop. I should catch a few winks.
Need a minute...to get my breath back.
Ashes to ashes!
Back to hell.




Euh, takes a helluva lot to make me puke, but that's just about my limit.

Squared away. Find me somethin' else.
I don't feel much like it.
Wasn't nothin'. Though, I'd love to do it again.
Yee-haw! That sure beat steppin' on it.
What a wampass.
I'd rather be sellin' cookies door-to-door than puttin' up with this crap.
I dunno what rock these guys crawled out from under, but most of 'em creep me out.
The bastards're flyin' in low!
This equipment and a buck wouldn't get ya a cup of coffee.


I'm gettin' the knack.
And where's the brains of this outfit?
What the hell did we THINK was gonna happen? A miracle?






The place looks deserted. Finding Miguel is gonna be like looking for a needle in a hay stack.
I got sprayed in the eyes. Everything's a blur.
I could spend my life trying to get this.
What a character.
We know there's enemies present. Let's see if we can flush them out.
They're still around...somewhere. Let's not get cocky.

I just love this weapon.
He looks like momma's boy. Let's grab him.
Can't wait to see her try it, Miguel. She'll be wishing she went to beauty school when I get through with her.
Yeah, baby. That's the last of this group of losers.
How's about someone cough up the missing stuff before I start snapping heads?
Bitch. Lie still. Mind you, if she gets up, I want to shoot her again. Best thing I've done all day.
Holy litterbox!
Right on. I knew we'd see this day. I enjoyed it, too. I like this quickie, getting in and out, and not having to take back a whole country. Thanks again, for the experience.
Aw, looks like the poor widdle babies got scared and ran away. Just us here now.
I'm gonna crash for a sec. Let you know when I get back on the job.
I'm up and on it.
Hey, I said it first.
This is broken, doubt it's even worth holding.
Whoa! This baby's ready to do some damage.
I wouldn't walk near there even if it was the only way to the outhouse.
Drowning! Holy shit! Gotta get... <glub> outta here!
So tell me, what's the plan now that I'm here?
Good! With the laptop working again I don't feel quite as naked.
Holy dingleberry! That smarts!
Did the mountain jump out in front of you, flyboy?
I'm freezing my butt off. Let's get moving already.
This isn't going anywhere. I think we need a way to get into that door downstairs.
Forget it! From here on in, we're stuck with each other.
Brrrrr. My boobs feel like I'm in the frozen food section. Holy torpedo! It's cold!
There's the guard house. Let's bring the battle to them for a change.
Some paint would do wonders for this place.
Trust me, the next time I see snow it better be Christmas.
We didn't all make it. I sure hope we don't come up short later on.
Well... We have a way in, though I'm sure absolutely everybody is aware of that.
Well... I count everyone as being here. Should we move on?
That Mrs. Fung sure has a thing for rules.
Ugh! He gives me the creeps.
Blow it out your pipe, bigboy!
You realize he didn't mention anything about coming with us, did he?
If you know anything about the area you think we should know, don't be shy, Manuel.
Then, am I to belief this is the first time you change sides in mid-stream, Colonel? Would that be right, then?
Why do I get the feeling that one of us is gonna have to play babysitter?
Something tells me our trails just got a little happier. Welcome to the posse, Mr. Colburn.
This is different. I can't wait to try it out.
Ewwh! It doesn't seem very safe. I don't know...
Aww... he doesn't look so good.
Let me take a look at that letter.
Fine piece of work. You don't get to see something blow up like that every day. Heck of a nice ending to a great mission, too.
Looks like there's more than one guard house. Or maybe we got the attention of the military.
Would ya look at this. It's right out of a history book.
Looks like we took care of the cat problem. Those things were never meant to be indoors.
Wowwww! That's rich! Hahahhaaa! Ahh...Doodlehead!
Only thing not funny, is the doodlehead destroyed all his wares while blowing himself up.
Without cutters we can forget about getting through this thing quietly. Looks like I'll have to force it open.
The door's got "Nobody's Getting Through" written all over it.
Now, let's go see what just made that noise.
Sure glad I don't live around here. That noise would drive me nuts.
That's the alarm for the fan. Now's our chance.
Well... Look at this. It's the coordinates for the possible missile destinations. It's perfect! All the info we need to turn this place into a dustbowl without using explosives.
I just got to figure out how to use the control panel, then make a beeline for the elevator. Everything goes right, Deputy Commander Morris will be getting a burial like no other.
