Enemy ho!
Enemies in sight. This means war.
Game over, man, game over!
Big worm...
Holy Lucky Strike. That looks like the worm at bottom of tequila bottle... I would not like to see bottle.
What a mess. That worm has bad side.
I do not like sound of...whatever that sound was.
Ugh, the smell of worms...like broken wind.
There is trouble in air here. I wish I had brought vodka.
I have a sense that we're about to meet the worms...with none of usual pleasure.
This is like bad drunk I once had!
Something useful?
Object.
This gun needs ammunition.
I have been seriously injured... perhaps some whiskey would help and some vodka to clean the wounds?
Uncle Ivan... Aunt Natalia asked me to look out for your safety. What will I tell her now? I will have to make you proud of me. I drink to your memory, Ivan Dolvich, and I carry on your name.
Grunty... I have much admiration for you. A good soldier, a kind man... you should have been Russian, yes? I drink in your memory, Helmut Grunty!

Maybe I black out for a moment. What was I doing?
This weapon is jammed!
I must take charge of situation!
If this is best enemy can do, we have no problem.
I need foxhole.
I give no guarantee from this location.
Blood is spilling at my feet. This must stop.
Much fatigue. I must close eyes.
Unless I stop and catch breath, I shall become faint.
The enemy is cold.
I kill worm...



My uncle will be proud of me. He was not fond of this man.
Barbaric. As Tolstoy wrote, "War... what is it good for?"

This task is complete.
I must, in good conscience, refuse.
Haha! The drinks are on me!
Hahaha! Success! It is vodka time!
What a dishonorable, undeserving son-of-a-Cossack.
I have made bad choice. This is not job for me.
These soldiers are soft and not used to self-sacrifice.
Incoming enemies in flying machines!
These are not the weapons and armor of men. They are children's toys.


I'm from family of good learners.
This strategy does not appear to be reasonable one.
Given this amateurish plan, I am not shocked by results.


My uncle makes me proud to be a Dolvich!
Grunty is good enough to be a Dolvich, I think.

I will decide when the time comes. I have concerns about you.
That Mike is here. I dislike battling compatriots, but Mike is an enemy of the Dolvich's.
I feel like time when I get bad vodka in eyes. It is like fire on my face.
This task, you ask I do... I cannot complete.
This is someone I could share drink with.
We are in territory occupied by our enemies. I salivate in anticipation.
It is like our work is unfinished. Our enemies take cover under carpet.

Thank you! Thank you, very much!
It is that disrespectful boy...I believe.
Thank you. No Dolvich has disappointed. We will toast to days to come... ah, when we locate vodka.
All enemies are defeated and disgraced.
There are items missing in box.
Let us have drink to celebrate! This is great day for people!
Cujo!
Dolvich always succeeds. Let us drink! Vodka up, down and to the sides! To you, to friendship and to all our together times. A toast!
Our enemies retreat to safety. We are rulers of land.
I am not efficient. I sleep and rise soon.
I am awake and return to duty.
Yes. I join in this thought.
Right here, yes, I see clear now...it say "Crap" on label. It is ready for garbage!
Aha! This is trap of amateur!
Whoa... I do not like what I see on ground. And I no talk about dog droppings.
I... drink.... too much!
Yes, I occupy the destination of your choosing.

With my commanders, I have high expectations which, I am afraid, you do not meet. I am sorry to have to refuse.
Too many of those under your command return only in bits and pieces. I do not go to my death so readily. I must dismiss your request.
I am taking tour of American vineyards. I am sorry.
I apologize for my inavailability. I am opening small microbrewery in my home town. Tell me further in advance of your need next time, and I will try to accommodate you.
Welcome to the machine of Igor Dolvich. You leave me name and telephone number, and I will call you back to discuss it. Wait for noise of tone.
I am sorry we could not work together for longer time. Perhaps we will work together in future or at least share a drink, no?



I must alert you to the approaching conclusion of my contract. Should we discuss new contract at this point?
It pleases me greatly to update this contract.
I heartily endorse this contract.
I am always honored to serve wherever my illustrious uncle chooses to serve. I accept!
I defer to judgment of my friend Grunty who has been mercenary longer than me. He has accepted you, so I accept you.

I have been disappointed with the results of our partnership. I say no. Maybe we can discuss it again over beverages some day. Though I doubt this is possible.
I believe I said...
You barely have enough money to buy good bottle of Scotch, nevermind pay for my services.
I depart under protest as I believe you have not permitted me to display my talents to their best advantage.
Too many of those under your command return only in bits and pieces. I do not go to my death so readily. I must dismiss your request.



I am always honored to serve wherever my illustrious uncle chooses to serve. I accept!
I defer to judgment of my friend Grunty who has been mercenary longer than me. He has accepted you, so I accept you.

I believe I said...
You barely have enough money to buy good bottle of Scotch, let alone pay for my services.
This is Igor Dolvich.
I am sure you know of my uncle, the great Ivan Dolvich. Well, I am his nephew, then.
I know you are there.
What kind of contract do you require?
I am hanging up now. You can call me when you have decided.


My time here is almost completed. They prepare celebration at home for my arrival.
My uncle would be proud! I will soon be asking same price as the great Ivan.
