Made contact with the enemy.
I've made contact...
In contact with a couple of rebels.
Made contact with the enemy.
And just what kind of freaky sci-fi lab did you escape from?
I've been in this situation before, things don't feel right around here.
Better keep my eyes open.
I don't feel good about this...
I've been in this situation before, things don't feel right around here.
Better keep my eyes open.
Made contact with a couple of bugs!
I can see something.
I found something.
I need a resupply of ammo, pronto.
I can't take the pain...
It just won't be the same without Bob.


I'm slightly unclear about the best direction.
My gun won't fire!
They're shooting at me!
I'm getting nailed!
Maybe there's a position for you at the PX!
I'd like to have a better position.
Request medical attention.
I've got to rest. Can't stay awake much longer.
I'm drained...
It's about time!
It's about time!
That gasbag, Shudlem, should have stuck to delivering babies!


I hope you understand it was nothing personal.
This is disgusting!
I'm sure I did it by the book.
The credit's all yours, sir!
Obviously, that isn't going to happen.
Mission successful!
With that taken care of, we have to consider establishing a route back to the surface!
That hustler pulled the wool over our eyes!
All I wanted was a couple of dollars worth of respect.
And just what military academy were you thrown out of?
It's a trap! Let's get outta here!
It doesn't want to work!
Thanks! The itch was driving me nuts!
My, what a fine example of uninspired leadership.
I was always good at picking the right commander!
That would be highly irregular.
The mission has become impossible!
I can't believe my luck, sir. I've located Mitch Shudlem.

Bob's a good friend and a war hero to boot!


We're running out of time, sir!
It's Mike! I really don't want to get on his bad side.
Hey! I can't see anything!
I'm sorry, but I'm not normally asked to work with my hands!
Just a guy trying to make a living.
I can feel it in the air. It's going to blow wide-open any minute!
You guys are trying to make it difficult.
This looks extremely important.
Excellent command, sir!
That hustler must be juiced good.
Consider it taken care of.
We've eliminated that platoon!
Talk about being low-balled!
That should score us a couple of points around here...
In contact with a hostile animal!
Finally... This country belongs to Arulcans again.
Operation successful. Sector secure.
It will be dark soon.
Time to get to work.
I definitely agree.
It doesn't want to work!
I think it's rigged.
Obviously, someone has been digging around here.
I've got to rest... Can't keep swimming much longer...
We're at the midpoint of the mission, sir!

You can mark me down as being definitely interested. However, I'm in no rush to close the door on any other offers.
All these mercs had families, you know! Out of respect to them, there's no way I would work for you.
I won't be joining your team. I've already worked for you, and I don't intend to come back any time soon.
I can't help you out. I'm in training with the special forces.
You reached Lieutenant Bud Hellar. I'm currently either in training or on a mission. Please leave your message after the tone.
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Good luck!
Anyone naïve enough to have Mitch Shudlem on their team doesn't deserve me.


We're running out of time. You can mark me down as being definitely interested in extension, sir!
Ah, of course I'll continue to work for you.
Now that it's decided, it's time to get to work.
I have my doubts about this mission, but Bob and I are really close, so I'll join.


I'm not interested. You just don't seem to want me bad enough!
Once again...
Where were you planning on getting the money?
This is what I get! After all the things I was willing to do for you! You're just going to toss me away like I was disposable?
These people had mothers, and... ah, never mind! Just don't look for me, 'cause I won't be here!
Make a decision. It's Mitch Shudlem or me, but this unit ain't big enough for both of us.


I've been thinking about it. If I left, Bob would be really put off, and I can't allow that to happen.


Once again...
Where were you planning on getting the money?
I've got a military background, a list of references, a complete library of modern combat tactics, and I'll stir your coffee if you ask me.
Did you hear about Lynx and Buzz? Well... Keep it a secret, but I hear church bells in the distance...
Hey... I'm a married man!
Sure I'll go! If there's anything you need or anything I can do for you, you just let me know!
Ah, never mind.
Sure. I'll go. But keep that blowhard, Shudlem, away from me, sir.

We're running out of time, sir!
I just had a feeling... I guess the best way to decide which offer I should take would be a... the biggest signing bonus.
